SR. ESTIMATOR-BAS CONSTRUCTION SALES
Summary
9+ years of professional working experience in energy solution consulting and performance contracting, HVAC estimating & designing in buildings
& industrial sector. Experience of 3 years in project development, presenting and managing the implementation of innovative energy business
solutions. Working knowledge in designing & preparing energy solutions for large complex projects. Total projects worked for fiscal year 2014
exceeds $30 million. Excellent working relationships within the different business units. Working knowledge of Variable Frequency drives, PLC
systems and other automations used in industry. Actively Involved in Networking Chapter in Boston area like National Association of Women In
Construction, Mass Building Congress, American Society for Precision Engineering Obtain a challenging position that will allow me to utilize my
educational attainment and professional experience in Energy Engineering, Project Engineering, Building Energy Systems, Energy Conservation,
Renewable Energy and Energy Management of residential, commercial, healthcare, data center and industrial facilities.
Accomplishments
Awarded as most interactive person across all business units in India by Schneider
Honeywell's BRAVO Award for the successful commissioning of the Alarm Management Suite at IPCL, Baroda or the first time in India
Energy Management Professional Certified by Schneider University
Framed out the processes and templates for new energy business unit in Schneider India
Active Volunteer in CSR activities in Schneider for social cause
Initiated selling of the energy conservation solutions to clients showing savings and ROI
Individually worked out and framed a clear- cut procedure for Installation & Commissioning of MS SQL based Alarm Management Suite
and defined the procedure for healthy communication of Alarm Management Suite with Honeywell Systems & various Third Party DCS /
PLC's
Experience
Sr. Estimator-BAS Construction Sales
 
August 2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
- 01810, USA âž¢ Key responsible person for designing & estimating of HVAC proposals on Studio 360 related to capital construction and
renovation projects ($40M estimation volume YtD) by supporting Sales team and validating the proposals with operations teams âž¢ Generate an
average of $2M estimate per month for Building-Construction business âž¢ Responsible for negotiating with sub-contractors and vendors to
ensure accurate scope and cost projections. âž¢ Qualify engineering drawings & specifications. âž¢ Working with the operations team to validate
proposed solutions and to develop Branch Estimate Library on Studio 360 âž¢ Produce accurate & through takeoffs, including pricing of work
Project Engineer
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
56&57, Hadapsar Industrial Estate, Pune- 411 013, India âž¢ Responsible for Project Planning, Collection of
User requirements, System Design & Testing, Execution and System Maintenance. âž¢ Worked as Project engineering After Marketing Service
Group for projects involving Dual redundant and single system of Honeywell's DCS & PLC based control system for various process industries.
âž¢ Responsible for design, Development and Testing of DCS, PLC, and SCADA programs for the Honeywell Systems. âž¢ Responsible for
Installation, Configuring and Maintenance of Real time Servers and Networking under Windows.
Sales Engineer
 
Company Name
 
, Phase II, Gurgaon -122002, Haryana, India âž¢ Worked on energy performance contracts and energy proposals worth more
than 40 million dollars for various facilities including hospital, correctional facilities, office buildings, colleges, IT/ITES buildings, commercial
buildings, retail sector and industrial facilities. âž¢ Prepared energy solutions for more than 50 projects and surveyed almost 40 projects for
preliminary & detailed energy assessment for identifying energy conservation measures (ECMS). âž¢ Prepared and helped the implementation
team in execution of Performance Contracting projects of values almost 5 million dollar. âž¢ Key responsible person for identifying, designing &
implementation of Energy Conservation Measures across 20 identified Schneider Offices in India. âž¢ Supported BD/Sales and energy auditors for
solution designing and development of standard energy conservation solutions for building & industrial sector. âž¢ Main responsibilities includes
identify the energy conservation measures, development of the detailed scope of work for each measures, walkthrough with vendors and
subcontractor to price each measures, preparation of the estimated costing and contract documents, preparation of the sequence of operation for
the retrofit equipment, review of all the submittals documents, provide technical assistance during the construction phase, commission of the system
and measurement and verification of each measures. Siemens Building Technologies Pvt. Ltd., 49, Eldams Road, Teynampet, Chennai- 600 018,
India âž¢ Worked on designing of systems, preparation of technical bids, quotations, offers of complete systems comprising of Building
Management System, Fire Protection and Electronic Security âž¢ Pre-sales and front end sales activities including customer relationship building,
negotiations. âž¢ Grabbed IBMS orders of around $2 million. âž¢ Worked extensively on designing of Building Management systems for HVAC
for different buildings like hotels, commercial buildings, IT/ITES etc.
Assistant Manager-Energy Solutions
 
July 2010
 
to 
May 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Schneider Electric India Pvt. Ltd, 9th Floor, DLF Building No.10, Tower C,
Education
Bachelor of Instrumentation Engineering
 
: 
Instrumentation Engineering
 
, 
2006-12-31
 
Maharishi Markendeshwar Engineering College
 
Bachelor of
Instrumentation Engineering, -Degree Received: December 31, 2006 Maharishi Markendeshwar Engineering College, Mullana India. May
09,2002-July 21, 2006.
Affiliations
Actively Involved in Networking Chapter in Boston area like National Association of Women In Construction, Mass Building Congress, American
Society for Precision EngineeringCertifications
Energy Management Professional Certified by Schneider University.
Skills
Sales, Proposals, Solutions, Commercial Buildings, Million, Sales And, Contracts, Ecms, Energy Conservation, Energy Solutions, Industrial
Facilities, Retail, Retail Marketing, Retrofit, Technical Assistance, Instrumentation, Long-term Disability, Ltd, Engineer, Hvac, Collection,
Maintenance, Marketing, Networking, Project Engineer, Project Planning, Real Time, Scada, Testing, Estimating, Estimation, Estimator,
Operations, Pricing, Sales Team, Takeoffs, Fire Protection, Front End, Quotations, Relationship Building, Sales Activities, Sales Engineer,
Security, Siemens, Award, Clients, Csr, Energy Management, Project Development, Roi, Selling Of, Sql