BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT DIRECTOR
Summary
I collaborate with multiple stakeholders to determine audience needs, quickly developing strategic plans that align with my clients business priorities
and strategies.
Experience
Business Development Director
 
05/1997
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Producing measurable results for my clients by designing unique engagement initiatives for employees, sales channel partners and consumers
groups. Sales of performance improvement products, most being intangible services to Fortune 500 clients. Success at discovering and growing
my business with customers who have the potential to spend more than $1 million with me each year.
I have designed innovative solutions, customized to each customers various objectives and end result needs.
Managing my internal teams to develop, design and operate complex custom projects ranging in value at least $150,000 to millions.
Titles called on include the entire C suite, CEO, COO, CFO, CMO, President, EVP's of Marketing, Sales, Human Resources & Finance.
Define business issues to improve revenue and penetrating existing accounts and opening new.
Sold 17 new accounts while in current position, managed sales volume and profit margin with long sales cycle.
Managed and hired staff of 4 to work with my major global account travel & meetings business over 8 years.
Total book of business constantly over $2.5 million each year.
Nearly twice the entertainment activity of other BDD's with similar tenure.
Achieved over $6 million in sales twice, becoming a trusted partner to my clients, customers want me to Win!
Account Territory & District Sales Manager / National Account Sales
 
08/1989
 
to 
04/1997
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for growth of distributor sales volume, product mix and motivation of DSR sales forces.
Developed my own custom local training and marketing materials, which were later adopted by the Nestle corporate.
Distributor and chain accounts accounted for over $11 million in sales.
Increased my chain accounts by over 75% while with national accounts.
Created sales forecasts, developed budgets, strategic plans and managed entire regional office staff. Working with my team we grew
business at Nestle largest US account by nearly double.
Surpassed sales, budget goals every year as manager and twice led company nationally in new product introductions.
District sales grew from $16 million to over $22 million as district manager. Hired five salespeople and 4 direct reports were promoted,
managed up to eight account managers at a time.
Developed new reports, marketing and promotional strategies for the field. Designed account reviews process, management and field
training programs for the entire company.
Sold small business owners and managed distributor sales accounts, using strategic planning, innovative programming and by cultivating
strong personal relationships. Took area territory sales from $500,000 to $2.9 million, with a mature company in an industry with an
average annual increase of only 3-5%.
Financial Operations Executive and Department Merchandising Manager
 
04/1988
 
to 
08/1989
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Financial Operations
Executive for the South Bend store. Volunteered to be merchandise manager for the stores largest department. While in this role the department
had the highest per foot sales volume of any department in the entire corporation during the 4th quarter of 1988.
Accomplishments
4 times President Achievement Guild Award winner, award for sales volume and profit.
3 times President Achievement Award winner, award for sales volume and profit.
4 times Achievement Guild winner, for leadership in 3 year running combined volume.
Top travel and meetings sales several times since with BIW.
National sales contest "the 1993 Superbowl".
Twice awarded "The Over Achiever of the Year" by my most profitable direct customer.
Reviewed consistently by management throughout career as "Outstanding or Exceeding Expectations".
College: elected to executive positions with both Finance Club and Resident Housing Association.
Skills
Sales, Business Development, Distributor Sales, Territory Sales, District Sales, Sales of Solutions, Sales Teams, Sales Accounts, National
Accounts, Sales Management, Strategic Accounts, Sales Promotions, Travel & Meeting Sales, Technology Application Sales, Clients
Management, Marketing, Budget, Budgets, Forecasts, Promotional, Travel & Meeting Operations, Strategic Planning, Training, Training
Development, Financial Operations, Merchandising, Corporate Operations, Employee Engagement, Managing Existing Accounts, Forecasting,
Human Resources, Finding New Accounts, Relationship Building and Strategic Direction.
Education
Bachelor of Business Administration
 
: 
Finance, General Business
 
1988
 
Western Michigan University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
Earned over 85% of all educational/living costs. Jobs worked while in college, industrial heavy construction, excelled at several sales roles including
at direct sales of home goods. While in direct sales I won a national trip and was ranked in the top 10 in the country in sales. 
Started twosuccessful on campus businesses. Member of the varsity division I football team for 4 years.
Organizations
IMEX, Milford Memories Planning Board, Huron Valley Youth Baseball President/Treasurer/Director of Travel Baseball, Lakeland Milford
Travel Secretary and Milford High School baseball instructor.