SALES EXECUTIVE
Summary
Sales and Customer Service Professional with proven record of accomplishment growing client list and maintaining existing clients. 
Delivered
consistent gains in growth, profits and customer satisfaction and retention through expertise in customer relationship management. 
Expert
troubleshooter, innovative problem-solver. 
Proactive in ensuring high levels of client satisfaction. Diverse Sales Experience Selling to Businesses, in
Medical and Commercial as well as Selling to Consumers. Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills; talent for quickly establishing
rapport, cultivating relationships and building loyalty by becoming a trusted customer resource. Unparalleled commitment to customer retention by
providing superior service. Disciplined, Independent, Driven and Motivated Professional with Experience in many industries selling to Buyers at all
Levels. Both a Hunter and a Harvester who enjoys prospecting, presenting and closing the sale, as well as client retention and stellar customer
service.
Highlights
Grew placements with FFCC Inc. from under a hundred thousand
to over two and a half million per month. 
The company had five
collectors when I accepted the position and they have well over 80
collectors now. 
Fees grew from under $20,000.00 per month to
over $100,000.00 per month.
Started a new company for Silent Owners in the Tri State area
and required another employee to assist with servicing the
growing client list and the company was later sold and has been
sold 4 other times and is in business with many of the initial
clients as State Chemical Company.
Accomplishments
I spoke at a yearly even at Beckfield College for Jenny Clem to students about Accounts Receivable, Billing and Collections.
I was a member of PAHCOM and attended monthly and annual events to represent my company and services as well as attended conferences as
a Vendor and Speaker.
Trained new Employees in new territories with FFCC INC. 
Was responsible for also helping them canvass their territory to ramp up and build the
new client list.
With I C System Inc. in just under 3 years I became ranked the number 3 Representative out of 65 Representatives in the United States.
With Ohio Truck Body I was promoted from Inside Sales Coordinator to Outside Sales Manager within two years of learning the business.
While working for Fyr Fyter Sales and Service I was offered a position to leave the company with a Manager to work for them in a new position
with a compensation increase and opportunity for growth and advancement.
With ChangeMed I acquired five of the largest clients for the company within a few months of accepting the position.
Experience
SALES EXECUTIVE
 
02/2001
 
to 
10/2012
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Sold collection services to provide accounts receivable solutions to Physicians in both large and small medical offices, hospitals, and any
other businesses extending credit.
My goal each day was to prospect for new profitable clients meet daily, weekly, monthly and yearly goals.
Also responsible for maintaining my existing client base by contacting them on a regular basis explaining and reviewing monthly and yearly
reports and asking for additional placements.
My territory placed of $2.5 million each month in placements.
I increased company profits and growth annually and trained Reps in new Territories and Supported them.
Regional Account Manager
 
10/2012
 
to 
03/2013
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for new territory in Ohio and Kentucky selling toxicology laboratory services to physician practices. 
Also, hired, trained and
supported staff to place in the practices to work for the laboratory processing specimens. 
The company closed and is under investigation for some
billing practices.
DISTRICT SALES MANAGER
 
02/1998
 
to 
02/2001
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
StateSelling collection service, accounts receivable solutions, credit reporting, instant credit information, database management, billing service,
direct mail service and pre-collect and insurance cure work to Physicians and Medical Facilities.
My territory included half of the state of Ohio and Northern Kentucky, Louisville and Lexington.
I also accepted responsibility for neighboring territories when necessary.
I held a position among the top three during the entire year of 1999.
This accomplishment kept me in the Sales Summit Club for the entire year.
I exceeded all goals and strived to be an asset to the company.
Education and Training Seminars: 
Wilson Learning System Sales Training, Zig Ziglar, Motivation Training, Sandler Sales Training, Dale
Carnegie, Dare to be Different by Bob Clements International, Inc., How to Master the Art of Selling by Tom Hopkins International,
Elemental Selling by Jeffrey Gitomer at Business Marketing Services, 
Building Customer Relationships by Waste Management Training
Team, and Quality Sales Training by Waste Management Training Team.
Account Manager
 
04/2012
 
to 
02/2015
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for helping new start up billing company acquire new clients in Southern Ohio and Kentucky. 
Sold Allscripts software with meaningful
use allowances, sold billing and credentialing services and continued to support the client and their staff.
This company changed their business plan and layed off outside sales team to grow the business by acquiring failing billing companies who were
losing their physician clients to hospital and large physician buyouts.
Education
High School Diploma
 
: 
Required and Business
 
1977
 
Suncoast 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
I was a member of DECA which is Distributive Education Clubs of America and I was able to work a part time job for school credits and
business experience. 
My positions were managing a golf pro shop of a country club part time and working the late day shift as team leader for a
Publix Bakery Department.
Skills
Inside and Outside Sales, Customer Service, Salesforce, Act, and Goldmine CRM, Allscripts Software, Outlook, Practice Fusion Software,
Appointment Setting, Cold Calling, Presenting, Closing and Client Retention. 
Database management, direct mail, insurance, marketing, 
reporting
and training and support.