FINANCE MANAGER/ OPERATIONS MANAGER
Career Overview
To obtain a full time position in Management Information Systems with emphasis on business analysis where I can demonstrate excellent
leadership, business and team work skills to produce effective results.
Qualifications
Technical help desk experience
Strong analytical skills
Strong collaborative skills
Document management
Excellent problem solving skills
Strong Communication Skills
Customer needs assessment
Requirements Analysis
Requirements Gathering
C++
Java
CICS
Windows Networks
W-LAN
Technical Support
Switches, Bridges
Software Development Life Cycle
Systems Applications
Systems Development
Systems Implementation
Systems Integration
PC DOS
Personal Computers
Problem Analysis and Resolution
Process Improvements
Product Life Cycle Management
Product Management
Product Research
Project Quality Control
QA
Quality and Productivity Improvement
Technical Skills
Skills
Experience
Total Years
Last Used
Accomplishments
IT Training
 Â 
Successfully trained 25 employees to use new operating system.
Network Security
 Â 
Planned, installed, maintained and optimized documentation of all LAN/WAN/VPN network hardware and software, security systems and
communication links.
Managed all clients network LAN/WAN hardware including routers, switches, load balancers and wireless networking equipment.
Network Support
 Â 
Acted as first point of contact for all major technical issues, including power outages, system failures and disaster recovery.
Oversaw infrastructure of three offices and acted as support for help-desk technicians and IT Department.
Work Experience
Finance Manager/ Operations Manager
 
July 2004
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Oversees all aspects of the organization's quality or business improvement efforts, such as developing and administrating the program,
training and coaching employees, and facilitating change throughout the organization.
Responsible for establishing strategic plans, policies, and procedures at all levels so quality improvement efforts will meet or exceed internal
and external customers' needs and expectations.
Implemented a new sales-tracking POS system to replace a manual form writing process to increase efficiency. Provided employee training
for POS system.
Recruited, hired, trained, developed, and directed retail sales teams for two retail Wireless Nation dealer stores.
Oversaw client relations, new account development, and customer service.
Supervised administrative functions, inventory, cash flow, merchandising, and operations. Generated monthly and annual sales reports.Conducted ongoing staff development and personal growth planning for employees.
Doubled annual sales by developing innovative and effective marketing programs. Created a team spirit within the stores that resulted in
increased sales, long-term employees, and customer satisfaction.
Achieved 150% of quota and grew number of customers by 200% 
within the first year as Sales Manager.
Led sales calls with team members to establish sales and customer retention goals. Determined merchandise price schedules and discount
rates. Monitored customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts.
Shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations.Maintained friendly and professional customer
interactions.
Negotiated and closed contracts with Fortune 500 companies, including Sprint Wireless, T-mobile and AT&T.
Computer Information Systems Specialist II
 
September 1999
 
to 
July 2004
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Administered the installation, configuration and continued maintenance of network equipment including servers, storage devices, routers,
hubs, switches, and printers.
Troubleshoots and resolves network connectivity and network related hardware/software problems. Processed an average of 20-30
inbound and outbound technical support calls.
Reviews new hardware and software specifications and recommends products for procurement.
Install, configure, and optimize network communication hardware and client software. Referred difficult issues to upper management while
maintaining positive rapport with customer.
Create users, assigns privileges, and provides ongoing user support. Researched issues on various computer systems and databases to
resolve complaints and answer inquiries.
Respond to connectivity related help desk requests. Maintained composure and patience in face of difficult customer situations.
Runs backup and recovery operations.
Provides support and assistance to staff. Resolved customer complaints and concerns with strong verbal and negotiation skills. Displayed
courtesy and strong interpersonal skills with all customer interactions.
Completes archiving of network data and completes appropriate documentation.
Collaborates with teachers and coordinators to assess and evaluate educational software to project future needs. Built and maintained
successful relationships with service providers, dealers and consumers.
Education and Training
Masterof Science
 
: 
Information Systems 
, 
2016
 
Bowie State University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
4
 .0 GPA
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Information Systems
 
, 
2001
 
University of Maryland, University College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Coursework in Software Engineering and Hardware Systems
Coursework in Distributed Computing, Networks and Databases
Skills
administrative, backup, cash flow, coaching, hardware, client, client relations, customer satisfaction, customer service, documentation, help desk,
hubs, inventory, marketing, merchandising, network, policies, POS, printers, procurement, quality, quality improvement, retail, retail sales, routers,
sales, servers, staff development, strategic plans, switches, user support, employee training