BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT REGIONAL MANAGER
Summary
Responsible for exhibiting value of the company's brand, through the delivery of expansion, recruitment, mobility, conflict resolution, and workforce
management services and solutions with Store level managers with customers, employee, management, and vendors.Â 
Skills
Problem Solving
Time Management
POS and Inventory Training
Internal Conflict Resolution
Training and Development
Marketing
Budgets & Cost Reduction
Client Retention
Business Development
POS applications/software QuickBooks POS, Pacific Amber POS, and Lightspeed POS
Proficient in software such as QuickBooks and Microsoft Office applications.Â 
Advanced use of the Windows XP, Windows 8, and Windows 10 operating systems.
Experience
January 2013
 
to 
Current
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Business Development Regional Manager
Developed, implemented, and improved inventory process and procedures resulting in reducing inventory loss throughout the company to
below 5%.
Developed and approve all company policies and procedures for inventory management and audits for POS (Point of Sale) and general
store functions.
Utilizing Excel spreadsheets observations, system testing, and statistical reports for inventory and profit and loss.
Responsible for marketing strategies and campaigns each quarter.
Produce engaging online marketing campaigns and contests though the use of social media sites and search engines.
Plan and schedule internal meetings, conference calls and web based presentations while utilizing most effective communication options to
explain new policies and procedures including but not limited to text and PowerPoint.
Plan and schedule internal meetings, conference calls and web based presentations for notify and assist Human Resources and CEO, via
Audits and 
individual reviews, in a timely manner of all personnel-related changes involving branch office staff, including branch hierarchy
reporting relationships, terminations and status changes.
Cross-trained and provided back-up support for multiple positions within the company.
Spear headed a junior leadership program which increased employee retention.
Tested and selected POS software that was implemented throughout the company.
POS set up such as new product entry, employee set up, Transaction corrections, Inventory adjustments and customized reporting.
Utilized most effective communication options to explain new policies and procedures including email, text, social (digital media),
PowerPoint.
Assisted Customers with complaints or concerns about the service or product received.
Communicated directly with vendors to insure inventory stock levels were adequately maintained and quality of product was approved and
maintained.
Responsible for resolving internal conflicts with both mangers and employees to ensure a productive work environment.
Recruitment of top talent for both entry level and management positions with a variety of different sourcing techniques including social media,
University Recruiting, referrals, and job boards.
Notify Human Resources and CEO, via Audits and individual reviews, in a timely manner of all personnel-related changes involving branch
office staff, including branch hierarchy reporting relationships, terminations and status changes.
Provide administrative support which includes, includes: answering phones, ordering supplies, preparing expense reimbursements, and
assisting with events, presentations and report preparation.
Drafted biweekly time sheets for over 20 executives and employees.
January 2012
 
to 
January 2013
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Social Media and PR Manager
Created a social media strategy that collaborates with marketing, PR and advertising campaigns.
Researched top influencers, competitors, and trends in clients' industries; create timely and engaging content optimized for platform used and
intended audience.
Monitored sites for customer service opportunities and initiate conversations on behalf of the client.
Planned and managed the public relations programs designed to create and maintain a favorable public image for Fortune 500 companies.
Utilized marketing software that measured marketing efforts and measure ROI on events and campaigns.
Created company literature and other forms of communication; helped design marketing and promotional materials, both print and
electronic.
Worked with advertisers and editors for timely and useable ad and article submissions.
Partnered with each manager in each department to determine event budget and expenses.
January 2011
 
to 
January 2013
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Teacher/Receptionist
Instructed students on the fundamentals of Cheerleading, Ballet, tap, Jazz and modern.Instructed students on the fundamentals of Cheerleading, Ballet, tap, Jazz and modern.
Managed the receptionist area; which included greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in person request for academia or
administrative request.
Maintained electronic and paper files; created and maintained spreadsheets utilizing excel functions, pivot tables.
Created customize reports that help minimize month end reporting for the leadership team.
Education and Training
May 2012
Arabia Mountain High School
 
City
 
, 
State
 
High School Diploma
 
Top 15% of my class 3.7
2017
Darton State College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Business Administration 
Associate of Applied Science
Skills
administrative, administrative support, ad, advertising, back-up, Budgets, budget, Business Development, conflict resolution, content, Cost
Reduction, Client, clients, customer service, delivery, email, forms, Human Resources, image, inventory management, Inventory, leadership,
Managment, marketing strategies, marketing, meetings, Excel spreadsheets, excel, Microsoft Office applications, office, PowerPoint, Windows 8,
Windows, Windows XP, online marketing, search engines, operating systems, personnel, pivot tables, policies, POS, presentations, PR, Problem
Solving, profit and loss, promotional materials, public relations, quality, QuickBooks, receptionist, Recruiting, Recruitment, reporting,
spreadsheets, strategy, telephone, answering phones