WARD CLERK UNIT SECRETARY ADMISSIONS AND DISPOSITIONS CLERK 3RD PARTY LIABILITY CLERK PATIENT
Executive Summary
Seeking a part-time nonmedical/retail position that will afford me the opportunity to use my various social and professional skills. strong
organizational and problem-solving abilities, demonstrating sound judgment in establishing priorities and making decisions. *Well-Developed
interpersonal skills; interact effectively with people on all levels; remain calm during stressful situations. *innovative and resourceful, with the ability
to recognize valuable applications for new ideas and a talent for successful implementation. 
*Conscientious and quality-oriented with an earned
reputation for dependability, efficiency and professionalism.
Core Qualifications
MS Word
MS Excel
MS Powerpoint
SOX (Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance) Training
Adult CPR/AED Certification
Professional Experience
Ward Clerk, / Unit Secretary, Admissions and Dispositions Clerk, 3rd Party Liability Clerk, Patient Eligibility Clerk, Public Relations Assistant
 
As Supplemental/Cooperative Care Clerk, initiated and tracked a program to conclusion with an annual budget of $700,00 for over 40,000
beneficiaries.
Maintained outpatient health records, determining eligibility of patients.
Single-handedly overhauled a repository of 1,000 specialized records, receiving consecutive superior ratings.
Company Name
 
January 2012
 
to 
Current
 
HR/Payroll Supervisor 
Accounting Apprentice
 
City
 
, 
State
Prepares payroll, taking into consideration non-standard shifts and overtime pay Process Out of Cycle check requests as needed Compute
vacation, holiday and sick time Process weekly payroll following the guidelines of the Collective Bargaining Agreement Respond to requests
for income verification and/or employment verification Respond to associates questions/concerns in a courteous, pleasant manner Maintain
payroll files Monthly reporting and reconciliation Implement payroll policies Determines payroll liabilities by calculating employee federal and
state income and social security taxes and employer's social security, unemployment, and workers compensation payments Respond to
unemployment Insurance claims Pull queries for various monthly reports, reconcile and process check request for Conducts monthly SOX
audits Check and audit timekeeping records and master file changes for compliance with established standards Update rates of pay and
calculate retroactive pay Respond to inquiries in a timely manner Preparation of weekly financial reporting for multi-sites and multi-states
Perform various accounts payable and accounts receivable functions Month-end closing - preparation of P&L Statement and balance sheet
Financial forecasting and analysis Back-up HR Manager in all facets of HR duties.
Company Name
 
October 1993
 
to 
January 2012
 
Shipping and Receiving Clerk/Scheduling Clerk/Inventory Control Clerk/Customer Service
Representative/Payroll Administrator
 
City
 
, 
State
Verified and kept records on incoming and outgoing shipments Prepared items for shipment Received items into warehouse Compared
identifying information for incoming and outgoing shipments to verify information against bills of lading, invoices, orders, or other records
Scheduled appointments for product to be delivered to the warehouse as well as shipped out of the warehouse taking into consideration
delivery times and warehouse availability for product Complied and maintained records of quantity, type and value of material, equipment,
merchandise or supplies stocked in establishment Counted merchandise in stock and posted totals to inventory records via computer
Provided information to customer by verifying understanding of requests and answering questions Resolved billing problems by identifying
the problem; explaining the procedure and forwarding the required adjustments Maintained payroll information by collecting, calculating and
entering data Updated payroll records by entering changes in exemptions, insurance coverage, savings deductions and job title and
department transfers Resolved payroll discrepancies by collecting and analyzing information Provided payroll information by answering
questions and requests Maintained payroll operations by following policies and procedures; reporting needed changes Maintained employee
confidence and protected payroll operations by keeping information confidential.
Company Name
 
January 1983
 
to 
June 1992
 
Assistant Supervisor, Air Evacuation Clerk/Assistant Supervisor, Inpatient Records Clerk/Supervisor
Medical Service Accounts Officer/Patient Affairs Clerk/Hospital Outpatient Records Clerk
 
Supervised a support staff of six in managing all administrative functions related to patients using air evacuation services.
Coded each diagnosis and prepared concise medical histories to be entered into computer for patient's Aerovac Medical Record.
Personally managed difficult non-medical attendant issues directly with stateside facilities, ultimately saving hospital thousands of dollars.
Entered discharge diagnosis and procedures into computer for all inpatient and ambulatorysurgeries (3,000 cases annually) generated by 60
providers, ensuring that the proper paperwork was accurate and complete.
Obtained and compiled records for various audits, reviews and committees.
Assisted in pulling and screening more than 1,800 medical inpatient and outpatient records in support of JCAHO.
Upgraded several deficient functions within Inpatient Records; corrected discrepancies dating back three years.
Managed the hospital leave program, as well as mail and distribution program.
Significantly upgraded hospital's Regulation Program, resulting in elevation from a marginal to outstanding rating.
Drafted and implemented several innovative proposals to improve administrative efficiency.Developed updated operating procedures for Mail & Distribution Office ensuring prompt and error-free service to 80+ departments.
Responsible for collecting cash, posting of ledgers and maintaining accountability for the Medical Service account.
Prepared billings; maintained files and ensured security of cashier's cage.
Restructured hospital's insurance billing and accounts receivable system, resulting in outstanding ratings.
Education
University of North Carolina
 
1982
 
Bachelors of Arts
 
: 
Sociology
 
City
 
Sociology
Military - 1983- 1992
Skills
accounts payable, accounts receivable, administrative, administrative functions, Back-up, balance sheet, billing, billings, budget, cashier, concise,
CPR, delivery, diagnosis, Financial forecasting, financial reporting, HR, Insurance, inventory, managing, MS Excel, Mail, Office, MS Powerpoint,
MS Word, Month-end closing, payroll, policies, proposals, receiving, reporting, Sarbanes-Oxley, taxes, type