QA / QC MANAGER
Summary
QA / QC Manager Qualification Highlights Current Certifications Job 
21 years' experience in the Oil and Gas Industry, Specializing in
Repair/Maintenance and New Construction of Above Ground storage tanks, with 6 years in the QA / QC field.
Highlights
Microsoft Word, Excel, Weld Pro, Auto-Cad 
Matt Halderman- 1
Experience
01/2011
 
to 
11/2016
01/2005
 
to 
01/2008
QA / QC Manager
Creates, maintains and establishes all WPQ's and WPS's while also training and document control of all NDE.
Initiates, oversees and audits Shop and Shop Inspector.
Reviews all drawings from the bid phase to procurement.
Provides Superintendents with proper NDE training and technical support.
Perform completion audits on job closing packages.
Write and develop Weld procedures and can sign ASME Level III procedures.
Construction Manager
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for day-to-day operations of construction projects, assembled personnel, equipment and materials for projects.
Supervised multiple projects concurrently while providing advice and assisting in the planning of projects awarded for transition from sales to
operations.
Successful job management of up to as many as 10 Crews/jobs at one time.
Customers worked for include.
Superintendent / Repair and New Tank Construction
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for day-to-day operations on the work-site while controlling the short term schedule.
Worked closely with Project Managers to maintain quality control and subcontractor coordination responsibilities.
Lead Man / Repair and New Tank Construction.
Responsible for crew management, QC efforts of the crew, daily and weekly scheduling of the crew.
Hang steel/shell plate and structure for new construction and repair.
Welder / New Tank Construction / Fitter.
Welded for multiple Tank companies.
CBI, Tanco, ATV, Bay Tank and Vessel, Cust-O-Fab, Inserv to name a few of the more known companies.
Both New Tank and Repair.
SMAW, FCAW, GMAW, and SAW.
Proficient in the use of a gouge as well.
Education
AWS Certified CWI (Certificate # 08110741) 
API Certified TES (Certificate # 32697) API Certified 653 (Certificate # 42276) ASNT Level III
(Certificate # 245052)
Skills
API, Auto-Cad, closing, Inspector, materials, Excel, Microsoft Word, new construction, personnel, procurement, quality control, sales,
scheduling, shell, technical support, Weld, Welder