PROCESS CONSULTANT
Professional Summary
Experienced operations manager and entrepreneur who built 4.5 million dollar company without start up capital or outside investment. Supremely
organized with ability to identify and solve challenges in growth environment, performing at peak when boundaries are in constant state of change.
Visionary professional excels at recognition and anticipation, coupling ability to diagnose with skill to execute. Confident negotiator who
understands nuances of variables, timing, and leverage in negotiation.
Strength Finders: Analytical/Context/Command/Futuristic/Relator
Key Skills
Negotiations
Strategic thinker
Team building
Driven
Advanced problem solving skills
Operations analysis
Process development and execution
Employee training, support, 
and development
Project management
Professional Experience
Process Consultant
 
January 2014
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Develop processes that allow company use of business metrics to provide both macro and micro analysis of company performance. Provide
structure from which to scale operations, identifying productive and unproductive work activity.
Determine then deploy management practices for small and medium sized business to operate with increased financial clarity and operational
efficiency. 
Process requires macro understanding of a given business's primary economic driver. 
Once identified, modify processes to
simplify the execution of that driver.
Full conversion to objective business practices, eliminating management decisions made in a vacuum. 
Objective is often met by defining strict
data entry process and schedule, returning data faster and more accurately, then requiring all decision making be originated from the most
current information available.
Implement and deploy procurement processes to optimize cost savings, ensuring proper leveraging of organizational buying power.
Director of Operations
 
January 2012
 
to 
January 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Converted company culture from subjective management driven by opinion to objective management driven by data.
Streamlined accounting system to be deployed as management tool, thereby changing organizational behavior to respond to financial goals.
Achieved 14% savings in operational costs by applying line item approach to attacking costs, starting from highest cost to lowest. 
High to
low formula proved cost effective as buying power leverage and ROI were optimized.
Recognized changing business climate required more nimble communications, researched available solutions, negotiated cost effective
pricing, then deployed "cloud" management of company data and IT processes.
Authored and deployed best practices for hiring of employee and sub contracted labor resources, exposing corporate strength and
weakness points in human resource management.
Provided general and accurate understanding of company cash flow needs in a volatile revenue environment.
Founder, President and CEO
 
January 2002
 
to 
January 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Founded company which provided corporate housing services to corporate clients and relocating individuals. 
Managed sales volume growth
from $52,000 in 2002 to sustained volume of 2,000,000 in 2004, with company revenues reaching $4,500,000 in fiscal 2011.
Managed temp housing procurement for Toyota Motor Manufacturing expansion into Blue Springs, Mississippi. 
Demand for apartments far
exceeded local supply, requiring swift and creative negotiation to inspect and procure all available apartment space in a condensed time
period. 
Through complex acquisition of both apartment and hotel supply all team members were placed on the ground on time and in line
with cost budget. 
Project generated $2.3 million in revenue at targeted gross margin and doubled company apartment inventory.
Expanded and managed operations in Cincinnati, OH and Lexington, KY. 
Provided service to customers in other area markets, including
Louisville, KY, Columbus OH, and Dayton, OH.
Recognized that gross margins were damaged by ineffective leasing policies, and aggressively adjusted lease procurement practices to
decrease leasing costs without compromising sales volume or raising overhead. 
The results were dramatically improved margins and
company profitability. 
Maintained high margins by proactive management of apartment inventory, strategically matching customer demand to
available space.
Twice negotiated deals to double company revenue by expanding to out of state markets.
Provided daily operational support to out of market employees, directing activities by intelligent use of market performance data.
Successfully developed co-branding relationships with vendor partners to supply Vesta customers with no cost products in exchange formarket exposure.
Recognized in Entrepreneur magazine for fast "no excuses" growth.
Consistently sold apartment inventory to industry competitors due to high service standards and effective quality control practices.
Developed and managed highly effective employee base with very low rate of attrition. 
Recognized for providing exceptional employee
support by employing a "listen first" approach.
Navigated through recession by focusing like a laser beam on key company revenue drivers and primary costs. 
Company remained cash
flow positive by quickly mobilizing in September 2008 to meet fast changing market conditions.
Applied high level cost analysis to company, deploying new procurement processes to secure 11% COGS year over year reduction from
2008 to 2009.
Surveyed for customer feedback, leading the industry by being first to include high speed Internet and flat screen TVs as standard items in
all apartments. 
The cost was absorbed by increased demand for service.
Notable corporate clients: L-3, Proctor and Gamble, Toyota Motor Manufacturing.
Education
BA
 
: 
1987
 
University of Wisconsin Green Bay
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.47
 
GPA: 3.47
Languages
German (Professional working proficiency)
Personality
Analyst, idealist, goal setter, personal development, political junkie, CNBC, humor, neat, spontaneous, visual, Apple, forward thinker, bold,
confidence, fitness, investments, optimism, cool design, service, travel, 
humility, curiosity