DFW PERSONAL CHEF
Experience
DFW Personal Chef
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Devise and execute growth plans entailing market penetration and expansion, product development and diversification,.
new customer acquisition and targeted marketing campaigns.
Formulate and administer policies and practices to.
maximize profit margins and minimize operating expenses.
Lead and mentor 27 team members.
Achievements Analyzed sales data, eliminated unpopular/unprofitable items, streamlined an expansive menu and introduced healthier recipe
options, generating an additional $606000 in annual revenue Launched a Facebook boosted posts targeted marketing campaign, saving
30% in cost per lead compared to google display ads, and producing 12 points uplift in brand awareness and 10 points uplift in purchase
intent Renegotiated existing food purchasing contracts with strategic vendors, slashing food cost by 15% Cultivated partnership with new
shipping carrier, negotiated favorable pricing, reducing shipping cost by 20% Established an in-house payroll processing system, trimming
administrative outsourcing cost by 18% Deployed an inventory management software, avoiding overstocking/understocking and decreasing
food waste and spoilage by 81% Directed all employees to undergo rigorous sanitation and food safety training programs, maintained a
sanitary safety grade of 99 by the Fort Worth Consumer Health Division for 10 consecutive years Enhanced customer confidence in food
quality, sidestepping food wholesalers and sourcing directly from farmers and producers, procuring organic produce, non GMO ingredients
and antibiotics free meats and poultry.
Senior Executive
 
, 
07/2008
 
to 
Current
 
Senior Tax Specialist
 
, 
01/2015
 
to 
04/2017
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Prepared complex State and Federal tax returns for individuals, trusts, partnerships, corporations, charities and foreign.
tax clients.
Collaborated and advised taxpayers with IRS inquiries and notices.
Participated in networking and business.
development activities on behalf of H&R Block.
Achievements Completed 1000+ hours in IRS accredited training courses, accomplished third highest seniority position Examined clients
prior tax returns, amended over 60 returns and recovered taxpayers in excess of $80000 in overlooked and unclaimed deductions and
credits Exceeded up-sell goals by 40%, ranked first district-wide in attached product sales revenue Gained a 98% client recommendation
score and a 96% retention rate by providing personalized and client centric service, outperformed 57 co-workers in Net Promotor Score
(NPS) Earned H&R Block Academy's highest test scores, 100 on midterm and 98 on final Mentored and trained first year associates,
inspected each prepared return for accuracy and completeness, delivered support, corrective actions and administered practice returns to
improve skill and knowledge Rewarded with numerous recognition awards by Regional, District and store Managers for rapid ascension,
continuous education, exceptional client care and outpacing sales benchmarks three years in a row Won Henry W.
Bloch Excellence in Client Service Award.
Manager
 
, 
05/2002
 
to 
06/2008
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Managed Steak and Ale's #1 Texas location in revenue generation ($3.93 million annually).
Supervised all staff hiring,.
onboarding, training, retention initiatives, performance appreciation and disciplinary actions.
Designed and applied.
revenue generating and cost saving strategies.
Achievements Expanded high margin menu items, offered daily specials, added new happy hour promotions and coached servers in up-
selling techniques, revenue growing measures achieved an average check increase of 14% Reduced labor cost, renegotiated lease terms,
minimized inventory waste, installed energy efficient equipment and instructed staff to multitask, cost cutting measures achieved 16%
decrease in overhead expenses Spearheaded a customer loyalty program, fostered patrons retention and contributed 77% in repeat
business Committed to elevate customer experience by ensuring cheerful greetings, adequate staffing, order accuracy, prompt service and
solution based complaints resolution, location averaged a 90% score in customer satisfaction metrics, YOY Managed 39 team members,
surpassed all performance goals and retained lowest employee turnover rate, YOY Orchestrated a customer feedback report card, valuable
comments steered improvements to service speed, staff performance and food quality Awarded with Manager of the Year Award, five
straight years.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Business Management
 
Saint Joseph University
 
Business Management Magna Cum Laude
Summary
Operations Management - Growth Strategies - Data & Financial Analysis Award winning, analytical and data driven decision making manager
with 15 years experience in business management and astute understanding of accounting, taxation, marketing, sales and administrative procedures.
Adept at implementing and executing operational strategies, addressing complex challenges and leading team members to continuous successes.
Diligent in scrutinizing profit and loss statements, fostering the financial health of the company and maintaining a holistic view of operations while
also focusing on the granular detailsLanguages
English, French and Arabic
Highlights
Microsoft Word, Excel (spreadsheets, pivot tables, formulas, formatting), PowerPoint, Access, Outlook Google Data Analytics, Search Engine
Optimization (SEO) and Web Metrics Social media tools Hootsuite and Hashtagify Cloud Management and Security Salesforce Customer
Relationship Management QuickBooks 42 CPE Credits, Mastering QuickBooks level 3 Certified
Skills
administrative, ads, Arabic, business development, contracts, Customer Relationship Management, Client, clients, customer satisfaction, energy
efficient, English, food safety, French, hiring, inventory management, inventory, marketing, market, mentor, Access, Excel (spreadsheets, Outlook,
PowerPoint, 98, Microsoft Word, networking, payroll processing, pivot tables, policies, pricing, product development, producing, profit,
purchasing, quality, QuickBooks, safety, selling, sales, Search Engine Optimization, servers, shipping, staffing, strategic, tax, tax returns, training
programs