CONSULTANT
Summary
Military veteran and PhD with a breadth of professional experience. Proven expertise in long- and short-term projects with tight deadlines and
changing requirements.
Highlights
*Analytical problem solving * Superb writer and editor *Articulate presentation skills * Research / Analysis *Data collection and analysis *
Effective team leader 
Consulting, Research, Analysis, Qualitative Analysis, Quantitative Analysis, Social Media, Project Management, Media
Analysis, Editor, Copy Editing, Data Entry, Drafting, Editorial, Fundraising, Government, Law Enforcement, Personnel Management,
Networking, Security, SOP, Public Speaking, Leadership, Policy Analysis
Accomplishments
Part of Marine Security Guard contingent for Sec State Colin Powell in Tashkent, Uzbekistan (Dec.
2001).
Honor graduate, South Dakota Law Enforcement Training 911 Dispatcher class (December 2006).
Publication - CASS 2009: "Voices: Postgraduate Perspectives on Interdisciplinarity".
Experience
Consultant
Awareness Building and Donor Relations Uganda Community Farm - Eastern Uganda Pro bono consultancy services for Uganda
Community Farm, a "self-help African action on extreme poverty" Advise UCF founder on public relations and media relations campaigns
Orchestrate strategies to raise UCF's social media footprint and fundraising profile Helped plan and successfully implement UCF's initial
fundraising campaign - resulting in seed money to open a demonstration plot for regional farmers and raising UCF's profile enough to garner
a partnership with Edinburgh Global Partnerships.
Project Editor PRIME Research UK - Oxford Primary contact and editor for GE Renewable Energy news project Editorial services for
client media and news briefs, focusing on commercial and finance projects Research news stories of interest to the client, write concise and
relevant abstracts for story groupings, upload data, and build newsletters to high standard with tight deadlines.
Designed and implemented a set of research procedures to provide fast, accurate ad-hoc reports to keep clients aware of changing
reporting trends in online media.
Associate Lecturer/PhD Candidate
 
Company Name
Research student with a topical expertise in security policy, peace building and identity construction in failed states, specifically Afghanistan,
with an eye toward understanding the role of historical interactions to contemporary foreign policy and security debates.
Historical and contemporary documentary research/ analysis.
Plan, organize and deliver undergraduate lectures and seminars.
Attend and present papers to seminars, conferences and workshops.
Marine Security Guard.
Company Name
Top Secret Security Clearance [Expired] Provided internal security for personnel, property and classified materials at United States
Embassies overseas.
Vigilance regarding potential regional threats as regards extremism, terrorism, governmental instability, unrest and etc.
Successfully organized and hosted two annual Marine Corps Balls, each with a budget of $40,000+ with diplomatic, government, and
business involvement.
Responsible for managing Marine Welfare and Recreation fund: organize and oversee diplomatic and community functions.
Prior to acceptance into Marine Security Guard program, served in 0331 MOS (Infantry - Machinegunner) at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Education
Ph.D
 
: 
International Relations
 
Oxford Brookes University
 
International Relations
2012
PhD
 
International Relations in progress - Final Drafting phase *Awarded John Henry Brookes fees-based scholarship
December 2016
Master of Arts
 
: 
International Studies
 
Oxford Brookes University
 
GPA: 
Dissertation: Deconstructive Analyses of the Failed State Discourse in its
Historical Bases and Contemporary Form(s) and Implications for International Security: the Case of Afghanistan
 
Dissertation: Deconstructive
Analyses of the Failed State Discourse in its Historical Bases and Contemporary Form(s) and Implications for International Security: the Case of
Afghanistan International Studies
M.A
 
: 
International Studies (Security focus)
 
GPA: 
Top 5% of class, graduating with distinction honors *Dissertation title: Toward a Genealogy of
the 'Failed State' Discourse
 
International Studies (Security focus) Top 5% of class, graduating with distinction honors *Dissertation title: Toward a
Genealogy of the 'Failed State' Discourse
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Political Science & Global Studies
 
South Dakota State University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
 
Political Science & Global
Studies
B.S
 
: 
Political Science and Global Studies Cultural Geography
 
Political Science and Global Studies Cultural Geography
Advanced coursework in Cultural Geography, International Relations and Organizations.
 
GPA: 
Scholarship - Dr. John Henrickson Award -
Awarded twice for academic achievement in field of Political Science: 2005 - 2007. *Graduated with Cum Laude honors.
 
Scholarship - Dr. JohnHenrickson Award - Awarded twice for academic achievement in field of Political Science: 2005 - 2007. *Graduated with Cum Laude honors.
Publications
Szarkowski, S. "Dominant Voice, Dominant Silence: Foucault's Governmentality and the US-Pakistan Relationship" published in CASS 2009
Conference Proceedings: "Voices: Postgraduate Perspectives on Interdisciplinarity". Presented at and published by the University of Aberdeen
2009 Szarkowski, S. "On the Need for Critical Reflexivity, Or: A One-Eyed King in the Land of the Blind" Paper Presented at CASS 2011,
University of Aberdeen 2011 Szarkowski, S. "Historical Legacies, Identity Constructions, and Security Policy for Failed States: the Afghanistan
Case" Paper presented to the International Studies Association, San Franciso 2013
Skills
ad, Articulate, budget, concise, conferences, Consulting, Copy Editing, client, clients, Data collection, Data Entry, Drafting, Editor, Editorial, fast,
finance, Fundraising, Government, Law Enforcement, Leadership, team leader, managing, materials, media relations, money, MOS, Networking,
newsletters, personnel, Personnel Management, Policy Analysis, presentation skills, PRIME, problem solving, progress, Project Management,
public relations, Public Speaking, Quantitative Analysis, reporting, Research, Security Clearance, seminars, SOP, stories, workshops, writer