CONSULTANT
Professional Summary
Highly motivated female with over 3years management experience and exceptional people skills, looking to join a growing organization as part of
the executive team.
Core Qualifications
Results-oriented
Operations management
Client-focused
Microsoft Office
Computer proficient
Quick learner
File/records maintenance
Reports generation and
analysis
Contract
negotiation/review/drafting
Financial records and
processing
Training and development
Change management
Contract auditing
Account Management, Advertising, Budgeting, Business Development, Client Relations, 
Computer Literate,
Computer Proficient, Creative Problem Solving, 
Customer Needs Assessment, Customer Satisfaction,
Customer Service, Domestic and International Experience, Expense Control, Internal Auditing, Lead
Development, Marketing, 
Multi-Task Management, Product Development, Project Management, Reporting,
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Consultant
 
05/2014
 
to 
Current
Conducted detailed site analysis 
to address project overlapping 
which led to timely project completion and cost savings.
Provided onsite training.
Monitored multiple databases to keep track of all company inventory.
Prepared departmental contracts for attorney approval.
Completed all company insurance renewals including property, Workers' Compensation, general liability, cargo and aviation documents.
Successfully led key projects which resulted in [positive outcome].
Planned and executed [project].
Effectively controlled the release of proprietary and confidential information for general client lists.
Organized and coded all documents related to due diligence for acquisitions. .
Reviewed and provided comments on the adequacy of documents and took necessary steps to cure any deficiencies.
Prepared correspondence, accounting and financial documents for analysis.
Completed all company insurance renewals including property, Workers' Compensation, general liability, cargo, aviation and K & R
documents.
Prepared departmental contracts for attorney approval.
Reviewed and provided comments on the adequacy of documents and took necessary steps to cure any deficiencies.
Prepared routine legal correspondence and memoranda for attorney partners.
Prepared correspondence, accounting and financial documents for analysis.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
PETROLOG
 
09/2012
 
to 
01/2014
Role overview: This role involved proactive implementation of Health, Safety, Environment and Quality activities in support of company's
objectives as described in the Corporate and HSEQ policy.
Main Responsibilities: To provide specialist advice in environmental and HSE matters so that Petrolog can demonstrate sound environmental
& HSE management, ensure legal compliance and minimise the potential for litigation or damage to company's reputation Ensure compliance
with wide range of environmental, safety and quality regulations Manage Petrolog's database for all regulatory permits and related
documents Assist in development of HSEQ improvement plans for the office and offshore units Complete and review environmental
performance report each month for all Petrologs' assets Frequent site visits to provide environmental support, assist in ISO 14001verification visits Contributions to in-house training and competency for example, preparation of computer-based training programmes,
presentations and the design of hazard identification animations to improve environmental awareness of all personnel.
Attendance and provision of feedback on participation with industry networks, forums Environmental Audit Team.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Environmental Specialist
 
09/2011
 
to 
09/2012
Act as the environmental representative to business unit regulatory applications and permits Liaised with external consultants with regard to
ongoing certification Routine site inspection and site visits to ensure compliance to environmental standards.
Review of industries EIA's and EIS's and environmental authorisations Participate on regional industrial association committee(s) Develop
strong working relationship with community relations & company personnel.
Education
Master of Science
 
:
 
Oil and Gas Enterprise Management
 
2015
 
University of Aberdeen
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
UK
Graduated with Distinction, undertook courses in 
petroleum economics, project management, geoscience, sustainable development and
dissertation on Best Practicable Environmental Option for different energy technologies. Through this course, I developed vast knowledge and
business skills needed to analyse and evaluate projects.
Bachelor of Science
 
:
 
Environmental Management
 
2011
 
Abia State University
 
, 
City
 
, 
Nigeria
Four years study majored in environmental management and entrepreneurial development. Course work included remediation techniques,
environmental management systems, renewable energy technologies., and dissertation on Environmental impact assessment of a proposed
brewery. Graduated with Second class Upper division and CGPA of 4.13/5
Select 
One
Interests
Travelling, cooking and dancing
Professional Affiliations
European Energy Institutes
Additional Information
Personal Interest: Travelling, cooking, dancing, singing, and shopping.
Skills
Biology, BSc, Chemistry, Interpersonal, community relations, cost control, clients, database, Drafting, Economics, EIA, English, Environmental
Compliance, environmental management, inspection, ISO, legal compliance, litigation, mentoring, Microsoft office, Microsoft Office applications,
office, MSc, Enterprise, networks, OIL, personnel, Physics, presentations, Project Management, Quality, Quality Assurance, Report writing,
research, Safety, sound, training programmes