VP, PRINCIPAL
Summary
I am highly skilled,growth mindset IT professional having more than 20 years experience mostly in financial industry related with providing
advanced data solutions using innovative database technology. Very innovative,creative, great problem solver and have achieved the highest ratings
consistently for more than 10 years. Continuously learning,adapting and evolving by overcoming challenges faced during professional career. I am
fortunate to be a part of team who has delivered cutting edge products over the years to help our firm and clients. My career philosophy is
4LT(Listen,Learn,Love,Lead and earn Trust).
Skills
Deep expertise in designing,developing,
implementing and running mission critical systems
involving OLTP,OLAP and HTAP workloads
Extensive experience in building and deploying large
scale applications in cloud environment(AWS)
Deep expertise in advanced data modeling, data
management and data governance
Passionate IT leader to build and lead a very strong
team to build,deliver and support world-class
product(IBOR) using innovative technology
Hands-on development/business manager and
principal solution architect
Deep expertise in front office, middle office and
back office related business workflows in the
financial industry.
Deep expertise in financial instruments modeling
including complex derivative products
Portfolio and investment management
Deep expertise in Oracle Exadata, Amazon Redshift,
SQL,Python,Java,Apache Ignite, AWS and related technologies.
Basic Experience in Data Science related technologies e.g. Pandas, Matplotlib
etc.
Agile development methodologies e.g. JIRA
Quick leaner and ability to solve complex business problems
An active member in multiple working groups to establish data strategy, data
governance, data quality and enterprise data architecture (e.g. Business
Architecture ,Data Architecture, Data Quality working groups)
Financial instruments valuation and exposure experience
IT Thought leader and key note speaker at in-memory compute summit in 2017
and 2018
Experience
01/2003
 
to 
Current
VP, Principal
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Architected and developed an innovative product called "IBOR 1.0" to provide real-time market values,exposures and related analytics
using operational data store(ODS). This product has capability to show look-through exposure to complex instruments(e.g.
pools,funds,ETF) and exotic derivative products(e.g. total return swap,index future). A game changing product being used very broadly at
Wellington by our investors and clients since 2007.
Designed and developed a data quality reconciliation process to detect,respond and prevent data quality issues in a production environment
for a mission critical product.
Delivered many quality products to production well in time and under budget with very limited number of resources and proactively took
ownership to resolve complex problems faced by the team. As a result, I have achieved highest ratings ever possible by my manager for
more than 10 years in a row.
Built a very strong and resilient team(from 4 team members to over 50) to support huge demand for the products developed by my team. I
was responsible to develop,deliver and support multiple mission critical applications in production and I positioned my team well to innovate
new quality products as well as support existing products in production.
Led a team to design and develop a product to provide investment performance returns across all financial instruments using innovative in-
memory design. This product also provided a unique capability to provide look-through performance for the complex financial instruments at
Wellington. The new product improved system performance by huge margin over legacy product and running successfully in production
since 2013.
Led a team to successfully build and deliver a transaction processing system(known as unified transaction system) to represent transactions
in a unified format to provide rolled up positions,exposure and performance data to meet emerging business requirements.
Due to continued success and huge demand of products built by my team, my team was asked to build a next generation IBOR platform.
IBOR is a single source of truth for all investment holdings information, providing consistent, timely, and accurate position and exposure
information that helps the front office make investment decisions. The IBOR provides both current and historical operational investment data
and is used by many financial firms both in middle office and front office. IBOR is a perfect use case which combines both operational and
analytical workloads (aka hybrid transaction/analytical processing (HTAP)). IBOR 2.0 is in production since Sep,2019 in AWS cloud
environment using GridGain Ignite in-memory computing platform.
My team is now working on to build IBOR+ using proprietary technology and database using HTAP architecture. As a principal architect
on IBOR+, I designed data model, instrument and transaction meta-models and other key foundational components to build a highly
available,reliable and optimized IBOR architecture. IBOR+ is a transaction based system to provide real-time positions,exposures and
investment performance data using one unified platform. IBOR+ provides both current and historical(as-of,as-at) data in lighting speed due
to very innovative and cutting edge technology. IBOR+ is a foundational data platform to enable tier1 applications to migrate from
monolithic architecture to service based architecture.
Designed,developed,implemented and supporting operational historical data store (ODS) application(>60TB) using Oracle Exadata. The
ODS maintains historical positions,exposure and performance data. My team also migrated data and built a data pipeline from Oracle toAmazon Redshift to provide faster performance for OLAP and time series analysis.
Designed, developed,implemented fixed income portfolio management tool(FIPMT 4.0) to enable investors to make best investment
decisions to return positive alpha for our clients. As a lead database developer, I contributed to solve database slowness problems by tuning
complex database queries and improve data modeling to improve overall system performance of the system.
Designed and developed meta-data using yaml to represent complex business rules and application logic. Developed an automated process
to update meta-data in yaml format using Python to improve efficiency and time to market. Integrate metadata with Collibra to show data
lineage, data dependency and other related information across multiple applications
12/2001
 
to 
01/2003
Senior Software Engineer
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
As a senior developer, successfully developed and deployed a Commodity Trading System in production. Proactively took ownership and help
team resolve a deadlock situation due to a very creative and innovative solution. My primary role was to develop a system using Oracle for the
business team to process and manage commodity related orders and transactions.
03/2001
 
to 
12/2001
Database Developer
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
As a core developer, I contributed to successfully build and deploy a system to maintain various agriculture products using Oracle.
01/1998
 
to 
03/2001
Oracle Developer
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
As a junior developer, contributed significantly to develop many products at Fuji Foundation Islamabad, Pakistan. My primary role was to gather
business requirements and then work with senior members in the development team to build products using Oracle. I actively contributed in
successfully delivery of following products.
Hospital Management System
Shares Management System
Asset Management System
Payroll and Personnel Information System
Accounting Management System
Vehicle Management System
Inventory Management System (IMS)
Education and Training
09/1998
Master of Science
 
: 
Computer Science And Programming
 
QAU
 
ï¼​ 
City
01/2008
CFA Level 1
 
CFA Institute
 
ï¼​ 
City
Some College (No Degree)
 
: 
Python For Finance
 
Udemy Courses
Certifications
Certified AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner - 2020
RLF(Leadership for Life) graduate, Babson College 2018
Oracle Certified Professional 2001
Additional Information
I was a key note speaker at in-memory computing platform in 2017 and 2018 to share my experience about IBOR at Wellington. Slides
and my talk is available at following links.
Https://www.imcsummit.org/2018/us/session/optimized-memory-ibor-architecture-cloud-environment-using-apache-ignite
Https://www.imcsummit.org/2017/us/sessions/implementation-investment-book-record-ibor-using-apache-ignitegridgain