CONSULTANT TO OWNER
Education
Florida International University
 
1984
 
Bachelors Degree
 
: 
Hospitality Management
 
City
 
, 
State
Executive Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Hotel, Restaurant & Marina
 
PRESIDENT
 
May 1979
 
to 
October 2010
Skills
BANQUET & CATERING DIRECTOR
 
Â 
Put together the menus for different family functions, business meetings, luncheon's and special functions.
Planned and developed our breakfast, lunch and dinner menus, which we utilized for daily operations.
Baked and Cooked all of our menu items on a regular basis and rotating schedule as needed to fill gaps in the schedule.
Instituted a program for the operation and maintenance of all equipment used in daily production of food and beverages.
Implemented an employee incentive program to improve the quality and timely service of all customers on and off premises.
Ensured timely deliveries of lunches and platters for off premise catering and managed vehicle sanitation and safety for drivers and other
personnel.
GENERAL MANAGER
 
Â 
Responsible for overseeing Scheduling and training of 35 to 40 part and full time employees, that made up the marina, motel and restaurant
operations.
Always maintained the highest degree of Customer service to customers and ensure that all employees are following these most basic and
very important company standards.
Ensure that we had adequate staff members, and supervisors for each shift and were prepared for any special events, functions and
holidays.
Train managers to grow sales and profits by thorough and diligent attention to quality and implementation of accurate cost controls for each
department.
Developed a timely response and follow up program for customer complaints, ensuring proper corrective actions were in place to avoid
future complaints.
Put together the required business plans and laid out the marketing and operating budget, for the construction loan of the restaurant.
VENDOR & PURCHASING SUPERVISOR
 
Â 
Research different vendors and process credit applications necessary to set up accounts with these vendors, to handle the purchases of
food, beverage and Equipment.
Prepare and document the paperwork, correspondence and payments, between the Purveyors and Vendors.
Monitor the performance of the different purveyor's we purchase from to ensure we are getting the best price, quality and service, we
deserve.
Set up and maintained the Food & Beverage inventory and placed the orders with each Purveyor on a daily and weekly basis.
Managed the physical inventory process on a biweekly basis, and computer input of all relevant documentation, to monitor accurate food &
beverage costs.
Maintained the par levels set up for the different food, beverages and supplies utilized throughout the entire operation.
Checked all incoming shipments for accuracy of invoices, bill of laden and various shipping certificates.
Examined goods for quality, quantity and any damages or shortages that may be present with deliveries. Oversight and maintenance of
proper storage practices for all types of food and supplies received.
INSURANCE, LICENSE & PERMIT SPECIALIST
 
Â 
Set up accounts with the different insurance agencies to procure and manage the Property, Liability, and Workers Comp & Health
Insurance for the company.
Filed the paperwork for the application and maintenance of the Business Licenses, ABC License and Health Department Permits required
to operate the restaurant and marina.
Worked with the Bookkeeper, Accountant as well as the Local, State and Federal Tax authorities to process the required, weekly,
quarterly and annual, tax filings.
Accomplishments
Was an Active member of the Eastern Shore of VA Chamber of Commerce & Tourism Commission for over 25 years.
Committee member and Booth Captain of the Seafood Festival & Harvest Festivals, the two principal annual fundraiser's, for the Chamber.
Helped found the Eastern Shore Chapter of the Virginia Restaurant Association in 1984, which later became the Va. Hospitality & Travel
Association, VHTA.
Treasurer of the Eastern Shore Chapter, since it's inception in 1986.
Helped found the Eastern Shore Chapter of the Recreational Fishing Alliance, RFA.
Wachapreague Town Planning Commission Member for eight years.
Helped design and build the 200 seat Island House Restaurant, which opened in the spring of 1979.
I was instrumental in building and maintaining the Island House's reputation, as one of the longest family owned and operated restaurant's, onthe Eastern Shore.
Worked closely with many Local, State & National Charities, such as the United Way, Eastern Shore Rural Health, the Food Bank,
Lighthouse Ministries, and The Eastern Shore Literacy Commission, to plan and host numerous fundraiser's at the Island House and other
locations around the Eastern Shore of Virginia.
Personally catered private Backstage Banquets for Jimmy Buffett, his band and crew, for 25 years, at different concert venues in several
states.
Invited by Senator John Warner, to help cater the first Virginia Christmas tree lighting ceremony at the Russell Senate Office Building in
Washington D.C., in 2005.
Experience
Company Name
 
November 2012
 
to 
April 2013
 
Consultant to Owner
 
City
 
, 
State
Duties and Responsibilities;
 
Â 
Worked as a Consultant to the owner, management and staff in the startup and operation of the new restaurant and catering facility.
Put together and managed the physical inventory for the food, beverages, paper & chemical and various items needed to operate the restaurant.
Instrumental in Developing a breakdown of the recipes and menu entrees, which I used to input of all relevant documentation, to monitor the food
& beverage cost system.
Coordinated, merchandised and played a pivotal role in the setup of the new Coffee, Smoothie and Alcohol Bar, including beverage recipes and
glassware to be utilized. Gave advice in the areas of local marketing, merchandising and managing the business, based on my thirty plus years in
Hospitality Management.
Company Name
 
October 2011
 
to 
July 2012
 
General Manager
 
City
 
, 
State
Duties and Responsibilities;
 
Â 
Hire and maintain adequate staff to cover daily and weekly store shifts. Responsible for keeping payroll costs in line with budgeted figures.
Worked to meet or exceed the monthly sales and expense goals the company had for the Exmore store. In charge of placing bi-weekly orders
from the Ace Warehouse as well as orders from certain local vendors of Hardware and Lawn and garden supplies. Responsible for receiving
Purchase Orders from all incoming deliveries of 
stock from Ace and outside vendors. Attended monthly General manager Meetings at the home
office in Fruitland, Maryland, reporting on issues and concerns at the store level.
Company Name
 
April 2011
 
to 
October 2011
 
Assistant Manager
 
City
 
, 
State
Duties and Responsibilities;
 
Â 
In charge of Daly operations during a given Breakfast, Lunch or dinner shift. Oversee employees to ensure that customer service was the best and
food service times were kept to a minimum. Work to keep payroll costs in line with budget, while making sure we had adequate staffing for the
day and week ahead. Our focus was on consistently great Customer service Experiences, with a eye on McDonald's Corporate service times for
drive through and sit down foodservice. Held Weekly meetings with store management, to communicate any issues and comments regarding
weekly, monthly and year to date budgeted sales and expense goals.
Summary
Become an integral part of company Team, by applying the skills I've learned from my 30 plus years of managing the Wachapreague Hotel,
Marina & Island House Restaurant. A self motivated and goal oriented person who works well with others to plan and coordinate the many
aspects of on and off premise catering functions. Utilize my experience to manage daily operations, encourage and direct staff and develop new
ideas to improve on existing procedures within the facility.