PUBLIC RELATIONS SPECIALIST AND BRAND CONSULTANT
Summary
With so many individuals applying for a position within your organization, how can you decide who is the best candidate? Successful public relation
professionals need to be creative, dynamic, organized, team-oriented with a strong desire to succeed and these are qualities I have been
recognized for in all of my previous roles. I have worked for iconic fashion brands such as ANN Inc. and The Children's Place where I managed
national and international media relations, special events and served as the on camera company spokesperson. I have a consistent record of
creating, implementing and leading extremely successful public relations campaigns and executing high profile events. As you will note, I have solid
interpersonal skills, with the ability to interface with individuals at all levels. I also have strong talents in creating, writing, and producing
communication pieces. My organizational skills have allowed me to prioritize schedules and complete projects within time and budget guidelines.
Highlights
MS Office Suite: Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Project Pro; Cision, Google Analytics, Lexis Nexis, Fashion
Experience
Public Relations Specialist and Brand Consultant
 
July 2014
 
to 
November 2015
Career Highlights: Responsible for pitching and securing positive press coverage for all clients through all media platforms including TV,
Print, Digital Social Media and Blogs for consumer brands and startups.
Responsibilities: Execute media plans through development of media strategies, writing of press releases, tracking and follow up of those
releases and engagement of editorial writers and editors.
Partner with key stake holders for all marketing efforts, partnerships, events and new product launches.
Social Media Management; content creation, blogger outreach and analytics Educate brand stakeholders regarding image, elevator pitches,
key points of branding, media exposure, public speaking, event programs and general public relations activities.
Public Relations and Social Media Manager
 
November 2012
 
to 
June 2014
 
Company Name
Career Highlight: Responsible for the execution & management of all public relation strategies to support company initiatives in efforts to
garner press, create relationships with key members of the media and influencers Responsibilities: Developed monthly public relations and
social media strategies to promote the VMU brand, philanthropy and special events.
Identified and engaged with pop culture and industry influencers to help create additional brand awareness and garner press.
Managed departmental budgets to ensure we were aligned with corporate financial goals and managed external PR agency.
Formalized social media strategies that grew fan base and engaged followers.
Authored attention grabbing press releases, prepared information for media kits and wrote executive speeches as needed.
Spearheaded media tours during device launches on a national level.
Public Relations & Social Media Manager
 
January 2009
 
to 
June 2012
 
Company Name
Operated as the national and international Public Relations Manager for The Children's Place; lead all public relations and communications
strategy for North America from fiscal 2009 to 2012.
Developed and executed communications plans intended to build brand awareness and synergistically drive sales for the company through
the use of multi-channel, multi-partner media campaigns.
Functioned as PR Manager by defining public relations/marketing communications strategy; managed media relations, celebrity partnerships,
event planning and program execution for seasonal collection launches and corporate partnership initiatives; and led impactful retail PR
support programs (+sales).
Oversaw PR agency team of seven.
Managed $1.5M public relations and social media spend annually, Implemented Social Media strategies generating 1.1M fans from 2009 -
2012.
Responsibilities: Managed quarterly Fashion Shows in all major media markets across US and Canada.
Led external PR agency on tracking editorial coverage and analyzing trends.
Maintained relationships with editors and stylists to enhance brand awareness and continue to keep The Children's Place as a key player in
the children's fashion category.
Managed and organize all media events to introduce new products to the press.
Communicated with all cross functional teams (sales, marketing, merchandising) before seasonal roll outs to ensure that PR efforts are
aligned with company initiatives in order to drive sales in-store and online.
Assistant Manager
 
January 2006
 
to 
January 2009
 
Company Name
Public Relations & Events Career Highlight: Responsible for development and execution of public relations campaigns and events to
maximize company's branding opportunities and charitable contribution: Mapped out strategic project plans and goals, and led cross-
functional teams in execution; Developed methodologies to track/analyze initiative results and effectiveness; Created and executed email,
video, intranet and other communications to direct and engage 15,000+ field employees around each initiative; Scripted CEO and senior
leadership, and wrote press releases.
Responsibilities Assisted SVP in development and execution planning for special events related to seasonal collections, celebrity events,
trade press, and charitable causes.Maintained all media relationships, coordinated editor appoin tments, and responsible for all sample trafficking.
Managed PR projects as directed by SVP of PR including providing direction to vendors involved in media services, special events, etc.
Education
B.A
 
: 
Marketing
 
, 
June 2005
 
Berkeley College
 
Marketing
Languages
Native fluency in Spanish
Personal Information
I know I will make a positive contribution to your company and look forward to discussing my capabilities in more detail. I am available for a
personal interview at your convenience. I know you are busy, and have many applications to review, so please let me know if you wish to further
discuss your requirements and my ability to meet them. Thank you for your time and consideration. Sincerely, Lorena Pino
Additional Information
I know I will make a positive contribution to your company and look forward to discussing my capabilities in more detail. I am available for
a personal interview at your convenience. I know you are busy, and have many applications to review, so please let me know if you wish to
further discuss your requirements and my ability to meet them. Thank you for your time and consideration. Sincerely, Lorena Pino
Skills
agency, branding, budgets, content creation, clients, direction, editorial, editor, email, event planning, special events, Fashion, financial, functional,
Google Analytics, GPS, image, leadership, Lexis Nexis, marketing, marketing communications, media plans, media relations, merchandising,
Access, Excel, MS Office Suite, PowerPoint, Word, press, press releases, PR, project plans, Public Relations, public speaking, retail, sales,
Spanish, speeches, strategy, strategic, TV, video