CLINICAL AND DATA OPERATIONS SUPPORT ANALYST
Summary
Creative and Innovative professional driven to launch a career in teaching. Brings valuable experience from the legal and clinical research fields.
Summary of Skills
Excellent research skills
Detail oriented
Meticulous attention to detail
Excel spreadsheets
Strong problem solver
Human resource laws knowledge
Data collection and analysis
Analytical thinker
Creative problem solver
Performance metrics specialist
Strong work ethic
Good written communication
Exceptional communication skills
Strong presentation skills
Strong research skills
Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint
Database management
Strong communicator
Report analysis
Employee training and developmentBusiness process improvement
Professional and mature
Articulate and well-spoken
Strong problem solver
Works well under pressure
Accomplishments
Bachelor of Arts in Criminal Justice, Emphasis in Legal Studies, Cum Laude, 3.63 GPA
May 1999. Member of the Golden Key National Honor Society
Associates Degree in Liberal Arts, 4.0 GPA. Member of Phi Theta Kappa International Honor Society, Member of the Golden Key
National Honor Society
4.0 GPA, Member of the Phi Theta Kappa International Honor Society
Experience
Company Name
 
December 2012
 
to 
Current
 
Clinical and Data Operations Support Analyst
 
Home-based Support the development and delivery of key performance indicators and metrics and the provision of them on a monthly
basis.
Create dashboards using Oracle Business Intelligence Tools
Create reports using Oracle Answers to produce monthly metrics.
Build eRoom databases for tracking critical document package reviews. Responsible for exporting databases and providing monthly
dashboard analysis.
Provide support for reviews of financial and operational performance through the provision and analysis of data from ICON's systems.
Work closely with the Global Director, Study Start Up Leads to support global consistency, focus and development across the SSU Lead
function.
March 2008
 
to 
February 2013
 
Executive Management Assistant
 
Design presentation Tools using Excel and Powerpoint. Modify tools based on sponsor needs. Conduct training sessions globally on how to
use tools and present data. Executive Management Assistant- 03/08 to 02/13
Created multiple databases across many eRooms for the purposes of tracking, analyzing and reporting quality issues, governance
compliance, sponsor feedback, audit findings and responses.
Responsible for pulling data from CTMS and Planview via Business Objects and OMR, analyzing and presenting results to Sr. Mgmt.
Assist with report generation and preparation for Sponsor audits.Liaise with multiple departments such as accounts payable to resolve employee, team compliance issues.
Trained and assisted employees on various company applications, expense reports and all Microsoft Office applications.
Worked with Report Developers to create ad hoc reporting to meet the needs of Sr. Mgmt
Prepared on a regular basis a suite of metrics via bar graphs and PowerPoint presentations for Sponsor Quality Management and Joint
Operations Committee meetings.
Deployed surveys and compile data in eRoom database.
Responsible for tracking promotion eligibility of all US Clinical Operation employees, obtaining recommendations, notifying management of
finalized promotions and salary increases.
Company Name
 
May 2006
 
to 
September 2007
 
Executive Associate, General Counsel, Labor & Employment
 
Company Name
 
September 2007
 
to 
March 2008
 
Sr. Administrative Support Associate, General Counsel
 
City
 
, 
State
Managed a high-volume workload within a deadline-driven environment.
Identified process improvement opportunities and implemented changes to gain operational efficiencies within department.
Developed and maintained complex spreadsheets. Maintained data sources for departmental records and management information
reporting.
Provided information in support of complex requests for department projects, programs and events.
Handled all aspects in planning and carrying out regular training events for client education.
Supported development and modification of presentations.
Collected data and generated management information reports and graphics.
Provided comprehensive support services and routine analysis to unit.
Assisted in various types of departmental project, including companywide initiatives. ◦ Using Microsoft SharePoint created department
website for posting secured self-service resources for client use and to facilitate collaboration on documents and projects. ◦ Responsible
for maintaining,monitoring and updating site content and security groups.
Education
The University of Texas at San Antonio
 
1999
 
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Criminal Justice, Legal Studies
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
 
The University of Texas at San
Antonio, 1996-1999 Bachelor of Arts in Criminal Justice, Emphasis in Legal Studies, Cum Laude, 3.63 GPA,
Southwest Texas Junior College
 
1996
 
Associates
 
: 
Liberal Arts
 
Southwest Texas Junior College, Texas, 1995-1996 Associates Degree in Liberal
Arts, 4.0 GPA. Member of Phi Theta Kappa International Honor Society, Member of the Golden Key National Honor Society.
Cape Fear Community College
 
1995
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
 
Cape Fear Community College, Wilmington, North Carolina, 1994-1995 4.0 GPA,
Member of the Phi Theta Kappa International Honor Society.
Certifications
Certified Microsoft Office Specialist - Microsoft Office Word 2003 Certified Microsoft Office Specialist - Microsoft Office PowerPoint 2003
Certified Microsoft Office Specialist - Microsoft Office Excel 2003 Certified Microsoft Office Specialist - Microsoft Office Outlook 2003
Affiliations
UNITED AUTOMOBILE SERVICES ASSOCIATION (USAA)
Presentations
Prepared on a regular basis a suite of metrics via bar graphs and PowerPoint presentations for Sponsor Quality Management and Joint Operations
Committee meetings
Skills
Basis, Databases, Metrics, Operations, Training, Accounts Payable, Audit, Audits, Database, Excel, Governance, Microsoft Office, Ms Office,
Planview, Powerpoint, Business Intelligence, Leads, Oracle, Associate, Administrative Support, Data Sources, Microsoft Sharepoint, Posting,
Process Improvement, Security, Sharepoint, Excel 2003, Microsoft Excel, Outlook, Outlook 2003, Microsoft Powerpoint, Powerpoint 2003,
Word, Word 2003