ENGINEERING AND QUALITY TECHNICIAN
Career Overview
A highly experienced skilled graduate with Analytics degree with a very good experience in SAS, Web scraping, SQL, Predictive modelling and
data visualization. Excellent ability in identifying data requirements for analysis, data cleaning, munging and model building; Ensures the organization
uses it effectively to reach profit and growth objectives. Comfortable with data handling, modeling, and coding, and have an appreciation of what
makes sense from a business standpoint. More than six years of experience working as a researcher, data analyst, and environmental science and
Technology Instructor. Experience in SQL, data warehousing, maintaining, securing and stabilizing data layers and testing to identify data and
product defects introduced in the system. Customer segmentation, product positioning and mapping and conjoint analysis Modelling: Design and
implement statistical / predictive models and cutting edge algorithms utilizing diverse sources of data to predict Diversified experience with
Engineering, Manufacturing, Retailing, Higher Education and IT /Data related companies Fascinated by learning cutting edge technologies, such as;
Data Mining and Machine Learning Handled a team of 4 during my 3 years of Tech experience and managed more than 200 students and
effectively evaluated the performance of each student and utilize assessment methods to judge overall progress during my teaching experience.
Qualifications
Ability to identify uncovered information from hidden data and convert to a story and communicate effectively through visualization
Modelling using R, SAS, Python using Pandas
Web scraping using Beautiful soup in Python
Databases like Oracle and Microsoft SQL
Experience in ASP.NET 4.5, C#, and HTML,
Statistical software like JMP, SPSS, GIS
Visualization software like Tableau, ggplot (R)
Experience in database design for data warehousing environments.
Modelling using Random Forests, Decision Trees, Boosted Trees, etc.
Modelling using shrinkage methods, including Ridge, LASSO and Elastic Net regression models.
Dimension Reduction using PCA
Outlier analysis, Linear Regression, Clustering techniques, logistic regression
Work Experience
01/2013
 
to 
01/2016
Engineering and Quality Technician
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Planned, performed and conducted semiconductor production process development and engineering designs as well as managed small
projects and prepared statements and monitored project schedules.
Identified product defects introduced in data warehouse by performing quality tests using SQL and JMP.
Co-ordinated with scientists, engineers, manager, analysts to understand the impacts due to defects and provided valuable information for
product shipping and customer satisfaction.
Managed multiple tasks and accomplished goals efficiently and per schedule with a strong work performance to meet the goals of the
department.
Monitored and adjusted semiconductor production process or/and equipment for improving quality and productivity and achieved a 10%
higher performance rate for the fiscal year of 2014.
Provided technical support in developing, building and testing prototypes, new products, processes and procedures and provided training
and advice to other Engineering technicians.
Applied database management and data analysis methods which helped enhancing production efficiency and reduced costs for the
department by 5% in every quarter.
01/2007
 
to 
01/2012
Company Name
Lecturer in Environmental Science and Technology Effectively engaged in course curriculum development, taught courses and engaged in
research projects and community services on the areas of Statistics, GIS and natural resource management.
Developed course material that support the goal of the course including design of curriculum and schedule of instructions, provided student
with guidance in regards to their grades and progress in the course work and elected as best instructor of the College in 2008.
Established a GIS laboratory facility with other staff members, provided technical support for environmental remediation projects and for
legal actions.
Used SQL and SPSS for managing student database and for analysis of data.
01/2004
 
to 
01/2006
Company Name
Assistant Lecturer in Natural resource management Assisted in teaching, researching and developing methods which helps in improving both
the university and students' performance.
Highly engaged in curricular and extra-curricular activities and community services.
Established and coordinated nature and environmental protection club in the university.
Developed teaching methodologies and techniques that added to the knowledge base and understanding of resource management by
preparing teaching materials, handouts and laboratory manuals.
Engaged in major research projects of resources management which was undertaken in collaboration with Universities, NGOs, and
engineering consulting companies.Served as lead of the college's audiovisual center and arranged workshops, meetings and documented academic resources.
Education and Training
May 2017
Master of Science
 
: 
Analytics
 
University of New Hampshire
 
USA
 
Analytics 4.0/4.0 Currently working on a project on mapping and clustering of
student success using clustering, data mining and machine learning predictive modeling techniques for Granite State College (GSC). The objective
of this project is identifying factors which will help students become successful in their academic achievements and finding ways to improve
students' retention rates. 
*Working on UNH hockey team project with a team of 6 people for predicting players' performance. *Undertaken a
summer project on "Mapping and clustering of Chicago and Seattle city Crime" and we could successfully classify categories with a 90% accuracy.
Yitayew, Anteneh, Workineh
GRADUATE STUDENT IN
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
April 2010
Master of Science
 
: 
Environmental Science and Technology
 
UNESCO-IHE
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
The Netherlands
 
Environmental Science and Technology
July 2004
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Resource Management
 
Debub University
 
Ethiopia
 
Resource Management
Skills
ASP.NET 4.5, academic, Clustering, consulting, curriculum development, customer satisfaction, data analysis, data mining, data warehouse,
Databases, database, database design, database management, data warehousing, environmental protection, Environmental Science, GIS, HTML,
instructor, Lecturer, legal, machine learning, managing, materials, meetings, C#, Microsoft SQL, modeling, Natural, Oracle, process development
and engineering, processes, progress, Python, quality, researching, research, SAS, shipping, SPSS, SQL, Statistics, Tableau, teaching, technical
support, workshops