SHOE DEPT. LEAD SUPERVISOR
Accomplishments
KELLERMEYER BERGENSONS SERVICES, M aumee, OH.
Crew Member, Aug 2012 Â​ Oct 2013 Service, clean, or supply restrooms.
Gather and empty trash.
Clean building floors by sweeping, mopping, scrubbing, or vacuuming.
Follow procedures for the use of chemical cleaners and power equipment to prevent damage to floors and fixtures.
Mix water and detergents or acids in containers to prepare cleaning solutions, according to specifications.
Notify managers concerning the need for major repairs or additions to building operating systems.
Clean windows, glass partitions, or mirrors, using soapy water or other cleaners, sponges, or squeegees.
Clean laboratory equipment, such as glassware or metal instruments, using solvents, brushes, rags, or power cleaning equipment.
Dust furniture, walls, machines, or equipment.
Clean and polish furniture and fixtures.
2140 n hollywood way #10071 
burbank, California, 91510 
8183362640 
LOV3AT1STSIT3@YAHOO.COM.
KELLERMEYER BERGENSONS SERVICES, M aumee, OH.
Crew Member, Jan 2008 Â​ Jul 2009 Service, clean, or supply restrooms.
Gather and empty trash.
Clean building floors by sweeping, mopping, scrubbing, or vacuuming.
Follow procedures for the use of chemical cleaners and power equipment to prevent damage to floors and fixtures.
Mix water and detergents or acids in containers to prepare cleaning solutions, according to specifications.
Notify managers concerning the need for major repairs or additions to building operating systems.
Requisition supplies or equipment needed for cleaning and maintenance 
duties.
Clean windows, glass partitions, or mirrors, using soapy water or other cleaners, sponges, or squeegees.
Clean and polish furniture and fixtures.
Dust furniture, walls, machines, or equipment.
Experience
11/2013
 
to 
12/2015
Shoe dept. lead supervisor
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Enforce safety and sanitation regulations.
Direct and coordinate the activities of employees engaged in the production or processing of goods, such as inspectors, machine setters, and
fabricators.
Confer with other supervisors to coordinate operations and activities within or between departments.
Plan and establish work schedules, assignments, and production sequences to meet production goals.
Inspect materials, products, or equipment to detect defects or malfunctions.
Observe work and monitor gauges, dials, and other indicators to ensure that operators conform to production or processing standards.
Conduct employee training in equipment operations or work and safety procedures, or assign employee training to experienced workers.
Interpret specifications, blueprints, job orders, and company policies and procedures for workers.
Keep records of employees' attendance and hours worked.
Read and analyze charts, work orders, production schedules, and other records and reports to determine production requirements and to
evaluate current production estimates and outputs.
Maintain operations data, such as time, production, and cost records, and prepare management reports of production results.
Determine standards, budgets, production goals, and rates, based on company policies, equipment and labor availability, and workloads.
Confer with management or subordinates to resolve worker problems, complaints, or grievances.
Recommend or implement measures to motivate employees and to improve production methods, equipment performance, product quality,
or efficiency.
Recommend or execute personnel actions, such as hiring, evaluations, and promotions.
Calculate labor and equipment requirements and production specifications, using standard formulas.
Plan and d evelop new products and production processes.
02/2007
 
to 
07/2009
Cashier/Crew leader
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits.
Issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers.
Assist customers by providing information and resolving their complaints.
Greet customers entering establishments.
Answer customers' questions, and provide information on procedures or policies.
Sell tickets and other items to customers.
Maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and complete other general cleaning duties, such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans.
Count money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct and that there is adequate change.
Monitor checkout stations to ensure that they have adequate cash available and that they are staffed appropriately.
Calculate total payments received during a time period, and reconcile this with total sales.
Supervise others and provide on - the -job training.Maintain food and equipment inventories, and keep inventory 
records.
Perform some food preparation or service tasks such as cooking, clearing tables, and serving food and drinks when necessary.
Record the number, type, and cost of items sold to determine which items may be unpopular or less profitable.
11/2006
 
to 
01/2007
Company Name
Greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs.
Describe merchandise and explain use, operation, and care of merchandise to customers.
Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires.
Compute sales prices, total purchases and receive and process cash or credit payment.
Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise.
Prepare sales slips or sales con tracts.
Place special orders or call other stores to find desired items.
Prepare merchandise for purchase or rental.
Watch for and recognize security risks and thefts, and know how to prevent or handle these situations.
Inventory stock and requisition new stock.
Ticket, arrange and display merchandise to promote sales.
Exchange merchandise for customers and accept returns.
2140 n hollywood way #10071 
burbank, California, 91510 
8183362640 
LOV3AT1STSIT3@YAHOO.COM Clean shelves, counters,
and tables.
Help customers try on or fit merchandise.
Open and close cash registers, performing tasks such as counting money, separating charge slips, coupons, and vouchers, balancing cash
drawers, and making deposits.
Bag or package purchases, and wrap gifts.
Education
Jun 2007
High SchoolDiploma
 
State
Work History
Company Name
Skills
Art, blueprints, budgets, cash registers, charts, COM, Communication skills, Cooking, credit, Customer service, employee training, employee
training, hiring, Inspect, Inventory, Issue receipts, Management skills, materials, Exchange, money, personnel, policies, processes, quality, Read,
Retail sales, safety, sales, tables, type