DIGITAL ADVERTISING CONSULTANT
Experience
Digital Advertising Consultant
 
, 
07/2013
 
to 
12/2017
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Responsible for negotiation and execution of programmatic and direct buys and handle the day- to-day campaign operations across multiple
DSPs and other partners.
Responsible for accessing company's digital strategy and recommend tactics to achieve platform 
efficiencies and brand awareness.
Develop performance KPI Expectations for company's strategic objectives.
Executed A/B testing for client strategy to report and recommend best performing variables.
Promoted and demonstrated the value of Search Engine Marketing (PPC), Display Advertising, 
Social Media, Mobile Advertising, and
website solutions to generate new business within the 
organization's niche market.
Analyzed and implemented various digital marketing tools to develop well-rounded strategy for 
the organization.
Maintained all ad campaigns and ensured appropriate reports and delivery rates.
Worked with web development team to implement tracking pixels.
Be the main point of entry for 
all internal and external tracking pixel placements.
Sales Engineer
 
, 
03/2008
 
to 
04/2010
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Provided pre-sales technical assistance and on-line product education of SaaS ad serving 
management software AdJuggler.
Created and presented training courses on relevant and proper ad operations workflow for 80+ 
publisher and marketer clients in the B2B
and B2C business.
Implemented direct, programmatic, and remnant campaigns using several DSPs, created QA 
processes, and solved delivery and
discrepancy issues.
Implemented 1st and 3rd party creative assets for campaign including: static images, JavaScript 
tags, HTML tags, Flash files, Videos, Text
links and E-mail Newsletters.
Supported ad fulfillment operations including daily reporting, media plan maintenance, contract 
management, client support, and client media
plan implementation.
Prepared technical presentations to effectively communicated AdJuggler's value proposition 
within a highly competitive ad serving platforms
market.
Coordinated the design, development, and maintenance of specialized Ad-Serving platform 
software tailored to client's strategy and
workflow.
Evaluated, tested and integrated vendor partners for data targeting, verification, and 
maintenance.
Each vendor was evaluated on features, service, price, and other metrics to 
determine integration suitability with AdJuggler Ad Server
Platform.
Worked with 3rd 
party rich media and video platforms (Vindico, MediaMind, Pointroll, 
EyeWonder, Brightcove) regarding tracking
requirements and implementation.
In addition to 
maintaining 
vendor relationships to facilitate efficient integration of 3rd party media assets with 
AdJuggler Ad Server.
Provided on-going training and support for members of the sales team, including client on- boarding, Request For Proposal and Insertion
Order.
Provided customer training and implementation assistance on online ad serving and 
management software.
Worked with clients to define campaign requirements, including KPI and performance 
benchmarks to ensure satisfactory ROI.
Maintained product road maps and feature specifications in addition to managing product 
releases timelines of major product builds and
custom development requests.
Drive operational efficiency through the design, creation, and maintenance of an extensive 
technical documentation and reference material
regarding AdJuggler Ad Server platform as well 
as ad operations processes.
Produced In-platform contextual instructional video modules for the AdJuggler Ad Server 
platform.
Solicited and incorporate feedback from Beta User and Clients of the Ad Server Platform to 
improve workflow with the UI/UX design of
the Ad Server.
Client Data Analyst
 
, 
06/2007
 
to 
03/2008
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Provided on-line customer support for leading software's, RoboForm Pro, RoboForm2Go and 
Goodsync, through web based customer
support application.
Assisted Customers with downloading, activation, and technical issues via telephone.
Handled organization computerized shipping and receiving of goods.
Performed verification of on-line purchase, authentication of credit card as well as other 
payment methods.
Education
Bachelors of Science
 
: 
Computer Science Eastern Shore
 
, 
May 2007
 
University of Maryland
 
Computer Science Eastern Shore
Summary
7+ years of experience in strategic planning, programmatic advertising, campaign 
management, performance optimization, and inventoryforecasting. 
Experience in programmatic advertising with proficiency in ad serving, DSP, SSP, DMP, Ad 
Exchange, and Ad Network platforms.
Experience in leveraging all facets of advertising operations including but not limited to 
campaign management, advertising application management
and detailed campaign 
analysis. 
Proficient in the use of various reporting tools and advertising platforms. 
Extremely passionate and knowledgeable
about digital media.
Highlights
DoubleClick (DFP-Certified, DCM & DBM) as well as an understanding of 
programmatic advertising delivery processes, including but not
limited to Ad Exchanges, Demand and 
Supply Side platforms, RTB, and prevailing industry standards (VAST, 
VPAID, MRAID, IAB etc.) ·
Applications: Proficient in Basic SQL, JavaScript, and HTML5/CSS
Skills
Ad, Advertising, B2B, Basic, competitive, contract 
management, credit, CSS, client, Clients, customer support, client support, DBM, delivery, E-
mail, features, Flash, UX, HTML, HTML5, JavaScript, managing, marketing, market, media plan, publisher, negotiation, Newsletters,
presentations, processes, Proposal, QA, receiving, reporting, sales, Servers, shipping, SQL, strategy, strategic, technical assistance, technical
documentation, telephone, video, web development, website, workflow