BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT SPECIALIST/AE
Professional Summary
I am an exceptionally creative and results-driven marketing professional with over 20 years of successful experience covering the entire gamut of
the industry. I am extremely adept at all levels of communication; work extremely well independently or as part of a group, while possessing strong
supervisory, organizational and staff management skills. I am experienced in all related design, database/analysis and presentation programs and
have extremely strong media identification, planning and negotiation skills-with a solid history of success in targeting primary demographics. I
possess exemplary project management, budgetary and analytic skills and bring a rare mix of right-brain creativity and left-brain organizational
skills to the table, and am currently seeking a challenging position within my field of proven expertise. Extremely adept at multi-tasking-with the
ability to effectively juggle multiple projects and deadlines Experience in developing metrics and methodologies to assess campaign effectiveness
and ROI statistics Strong media identification, negotiation, planning, campaign creation, production and assessment skills Highly-experienced in all
phases of print production, including: design, negotiation, press checks, pre-press and print operations Highly-experienced in all phases of media
planning, budgeting, negotiation, trafficking and assessment Highly-experienced in all phases of television and radio campaign production and
development Experienced in forging and strengthening high-value business relationships Building and creating cross-functional teams within a
supportive environment to maximize efficiencies Development of co-op advertising/marketing initiatives within non-competing industries Experience
in preparing and delivering statistical and consumer trend reports to C-level company executives Extensive background art directing photo shoots-
both in-studio and on-location Extremely battle-tested in crisis management and creative problem solving Microsoft Office (Word, Excel,
PowerPoint, etc.) Highly-experienced in PageMaker, InDesign, QuarkXPress, as well as all other layout/design programs Highly-experienced in
Photoshop - as well as most other graphics programs Exemplary staff motivation/development/management skills Experience on both sides of the
media negotiation table (client/media) Highly-developed interpersonal and presentation skills / superior writing and editing skills Strong work ethic
Skills
Work History
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT SPECIALIST/AE
 
09/2012
 
to 
07/2014
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Develop new business and manage existing accounts for #1-rated KESQ-TV / kesq.com.
Maintain relationships and service new and existing advertisers; continue / increase KESQ spending levels.
Sell and execute commercial schedules, in-content sponsorships, internet/mobile digital projects and packages.
Compile and present comprehensive and creative sales presentations to ad agency media buyers, corporate marketing directors and
business owners after assessing their current marketing initiatives to determine targeted best potential customer/patient/client base and
potential return on advertising investment.
Act as media specialist for clients.
Complete requested reports in an accurate and timely manner.
Have thorough understanding of the station's websites, programming and competitive advantages in the market.
Represent the station in a professional manner in all matters.
Operate independently and as part of multi-station group.
Initiated market research studies and analyzed findings.
Directed and coordinated marketing activities and policies to promote products and services.
Developed and implemented campaigns for email, online advertising, search engines and direct mail.
Defined and tracked campaign effectiveness and adjusted strategies accordingly.
DIRECTOR OF MARKETING & ADVERTISING
 
01/2004
 
to 
01/2012
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Responsible for all aspects of company branding, marketing, promotions and advertising.
Research, plan, propose, budget, execute and assess all retail (and B2B) marketing, collateral, and support services for three branded
entities within a 12-showroom chain.
Negotiate all media contracts, conceptualize and produce all TV and radio commercials.
Conceptualize and produce all monthly CRM and direct mail campaigns, including mail list identification and procurement as well as
campaign analysis.
Supervise web site construction, development, PPC/SEO initiatives, design report detailing web activity, create monthly reports utilizing
Google Analytics, Clicky, etc.
to ascertain campaign efficiency, web traffic and sales percentages and identify emerging industry trends to Company President.
Design all reporting methodologies and metrics to quantify and qualify sales figures, media effectiveness, store traffic, closing ratios, ROI,
ROO, and present results to company president on a weekly basis.
Prepare, allocate and manage multi-million dollar annual budget including development of vendor co-op programs.
Conceive, research legal implications and regulations, negotiate and implement promotional contests, raffles, value-added giveaways, etc.
Write speeches, press releases news articles, and ad copy.
Working with Company President and General Sales Manager select products for ad inclusion and design ads, circulars, POP/POS
materials, external and environmental signage/graphics, etc.
Train, supervise and manage department staff.
MAJOR ACCOMPLISHMENTS: Increased same-store sales 28%, average ticket 16% and increased vendor co-op payments over
600% in first 18 months.
Proposed, researched and supervised development Company's e-commerce website.
Developed all PPC/SEO initiatives, designed report detailing web activity, created monthly reports utilizing Google Analytics, Clicky, etc.
to ascertain campaign efficiency, web traffic and sales percentages and to identify emerging industry trends to Company President Re-branded upscale Legacy showroom to more affluent demographic, including revamp of all in-store, TV and print materials.
Interviewed and identified new spokesperson-write, direct and edit all TV commercials, with 68% of all customers now reporting TV as
primary reason for store visit.
Increased Hispanic customer-base from 7% to 19% and Asian customer base from 4% to 12% with targeted ethnic marketing campaigns
utilizing grass roots marketing, social marketing, ethnic media, etc.
Conceive, write, script video, select and supervise voice over talent, edit, distribute and handle all traffic responsibilities for all of company's
radio and TV commercials (on a budget of $3,000 or less for 30-second TV spots).
Produce 2-3 TV commercials and 5-7 radio spots per month for over 7 years.
Saved company hundreds of thousands of dollars per year by negotiating (and re-negotiating) broadcast and cable TV, radio, newspaper
and direct mail contracts.
By most accounts, delivering rates in every medium that represent that vendor's lowest rates.
Researched, proposed and installed TRAX system to deliver company's first accurate store traffic and closing rates.
Designed and deliver weekly reports on closing ratios, cost per lead, etc.
Research, propose, write, design, track and maintain all company's CRM initiatives.
Conceive, plan, budget, negotiate with associated vendors/insurance companies and design all advertising/marketing campaigns for all
company sales events/promotions.
Adept at bringing in product vendors co-op dollars to defray part, if not all of the associated costs.
Identify and negotiate branding sponsorships with Angels, Lakers, Ducks, etc.-and by negotiating pass-through rights, was able to offset
85% of costs via vendor participation.
Company selected as retail furniture industry's "2007 Retailer of the Year" by WHFA in recognition of ".innovative marketing
promotions/campaigns.".
CREATIVE MARKETING DIRECTOR
 
01/1998
 
to 
01/2004
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Provide creative marketing / communications solutions and strategies from concept to final production (through distribution).
Including work on: media planning and placement; product and image brand management; franchise campaign development; regional,
national and international ad campaign development.
Partial client list: Columbia Pictures, Fox Sports, F/X, Heal The Bay, Sony Pictures Entertainment, NBC, Closets By Design, Los Angeles
Dodgers, Earl Scheib, Environmental Enterprises, Western Nonwovens, Inc., etc.
MAJOR ACCOMPLISHMENTS: Established Sony Pictures Entertainment in-house design department.
Created Sony Pictures Entertainment's corporate newsletters (corporate, syndication & environmental) as well as working on corporate
communications and studio projects, film promotion, TV syndication campaigns, etc.
Proposed and created proactive campaign diffusing community reaction to Sony Pictures Entertainment's building expansion plans.
Developed successful franchising campaign for Closets By Design (taken from 3 to 27 locations) Created turnkey ad programs for Closets
By Design franchisees Ran day-to-day operations and new client acquisitions for successful ad agency Earl Scheib same-store sales
increase of close to 20% with development/release of new creative Placed "retro" Earl Scheib TV spots on Nick at Night at no cost to
company Developed Earl Scheib's highly effective Hispanic marketing campaigns Increased creative appeal/effectiveness of Earl Scheib
print ad campaigns Synchronized rollout of Earl Scheib national & regional advertising campaigns for all 150 locations.
ADVERTISING AND MARKETING DIRECTOR
 
01/1993
 
to 
01/1998
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Conceptualized, wrote, designed, and produced advertising and marketing campaigns and materials for the entire company.
Coordinated and ran day-to-day marketing advertising operations for all 25 company-owned and all 21 franchise offices, supervised all
corporate advertising needs, as well as direct responsibility for individualized ad campaigns for over 1,200 sales agents.
Fred Sands ranked as the nation's 7th largest real estate company-and only non-national company to break into top ten-during my tenure.
Re-negotiated all L.A.
Times contracts - effectively saving company 24% in costs Conceived and created marketing department's employee development program
Conceptualized, supervised and marketed Sand's highly successful Home Auction program Created Fred Sands University course
materials, marketing strategies and collateral Created new revenue stream for the company by designing new home marketing materials for
new home developments.
PUBLICATION DESIGNER / EDITOR
 
01/1988
 
to 
01/1993
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Responsible for the writing, editing, graphic design and production of university catalogs, ads, academic books, professional journals, direct
mail campaigns, annual reports, newsletters as well as computer-generated presentation materials.
Created fund-raising campaigns; coordinated special event coverage, photography, and logistics; designed museum and exhibition signage
and promotions, etc.
Education
BA
 
: 
Journalism / Marketing
 
- 
State
 
Journalism / Marketing
Skills
academic, acquisitions, ad, ads, advertising, ad copy, agency, B2B, brand management, branding, broadcast, budget, cable, catalogs, closing,
com, competitive, concept, content, contracts, corporate communications, CRM, client, clients, designing, direct mail, e-commerce, editing, edit,film, fund-raising, graphic design, graphics, image, insurance, legal, logistics, marketing strategies, marketing, market, marketing / communications,
marketing materials, materials, media planning and placement, mail, negotiating, newsletters, newspaper, photography, POS, presentations, press
releases, procurement, programming, promotion, radio, real estate, reporting, Research, retail, sales, Sales Manager, script, speeches, s 7, TV,
employee development, video, web site, website, websites, articles, annual reports
Additional Information
/ 
Client 
reference 
/ General Air Conditioning & Heating / 2 years -Extensive portfolio, commercial reel, salary information, and stellar
recommendations available upon request-