BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Summary
With 11 years of diverse managerial and marketing experience penetrating in domestic and international markets including Manufacturing,
Engineering, Food and IT, I have honed my communication and marketing research abilities to gauge demand for products and explore new
clients. Having managed several big projects, I have learnt to maintain equanimity under pressure and achieve goals both as a cross functional team
member and individual contributor.
Skills
Determined team player.
Versatile sales techniques.
Team Building
Time management skills with ability to prioritize results.
Proficient in PowerPoint, Word, Excel and online survey tools. MS Access, Oracle basic
Operating Systems: Windows 95/98/2000/XP/Vista/NT servers, MS DOS, Linux, Mac OS X
ERP: Basic SAP R/3, SAP PP, SAP MM knowledge
Software/ Applications: Internet Explorer, Outlook, Outlook Express, QuickBooks
Editing Tools: Adobe Photoshop, Corel Draw
General Productivity: MS Office
Project Management Tools: Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint
Experience
Business Development Manager
 
February 2015
 
to 
May 2017
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Responsibilities in Project 1:.
Closed $200 million deal for fabrication and welding work of burners with Reliance Industries (India) in Partnership with Precision
Industries Inc.
LA, USA).
Oversaw all aspects of new plant development and after work at Rajkot (India).
Saved $20 million for Reliance Industries in burner designs.
Supervised a team of 18 including Direct and Indirect People.
Negotiated and saved 15% on purchase cost of new welding machineries valuing $7.5 million.
Responsibilities in Project 2:.
Introduced and represented Genie, a Terex Co.
world leader of Material Lifts and Aerial Work Platforms in India.
Oversaw advertisement, promotions and sales & services from launch.
Sales grew by $10 million within a year and saw an increase of 5% next year.
Infused concept of SNAPON and ABCD report, required from sales & service individuals on a weekly basis.
Championed idea of intranet site for FAQ's, Brochures, Parts List, Presentations, and Competitor info.
Led team of 20 people of Terex and Sunag for marketing, positioning and pricing strategy.
Recognized as best employee of the month for sales performance in 2015.
Developed active approach in solving client and sales issues, devising service teams and operators by appointing new local distributors.
Planned and executed a shock and awe campaign with punch line - Genie, now in India! Using concept selling approach.
Projected monthly volume, penetrations, and new business acquisitions versus company spend and met objectives.
Responsibilities in Project 3:.
Grew and expanded market for highly technical and heavy equipment's like hand tools, power tools, rotating union, etc.
manufactured by Ansul USA, Snap On etc.
in Indian market.
Headed new sales development team in areas of Automobiles, Petrochemicals, Defense, Aviation, Railways, Machine Tools, and Steel etc.
Established 5 new SKU's, one triggering $2.5 million additional sales revenues, 15% higher than previous year.
Attend industry functions, conferences, and tradeshows.
Monitor market conditions and identify opportunities for campaigns, services, distribution channels leading team of sales and marketing.
Maintained comprehensive knowledge on new technology/equipment and report to mid and senior level management.
Study risks and potentials involved when integrating into new venture with companies.
Product Development Manager
 
July 2009
 
to 
November 2015
 
Company Name
Oversee life cycle from designing to after sales of 2.5HP Engine in Asian and Gulf markets.
Participated in trade shows and brought 12 new clients.
Collaborated with engineers to improve engine fuel efficiency from 5% to 15%.
Designed new horizontal drilling machine for crankcase reducing rejections by 20%.
Renegotiated deals on crankcase with vendors and solved quality problems by appointing new vendors.
Promoted from Product Development Coordinator to Manager in 2011.
Hired and supervised crew of 7 for Product development of 2.5 HP engine.
Fixed problem of cracking crankcase and engine color by running prototype engine on field.Managed product-related support, feedback and inquiries from customers to understand market opportunities.
Acted as a leader in development of product planning, marketing and product strategy.
Furnishing information on sales forecasts and special reports to management.
Product Development Manager
 
January 2008
 
to 
March 2009
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Promoted and install 1st ever wireless restaurant order management software solution in India via touch-pad devices.
Oversee software sales lifecycle from closing to delivery to ensure it's functional, updated and supported.
Converted 60% of potential 50 clients into buyers by the end of first year.
Achieved quarterly target of $2 million in the first month of product launch.
Appreciated for self-idea of "Service at your Desk", saving 5% advertising cost.
Offered changes and custom made MIS reports as per client needs.
Collaborated with internal teams to formulate strategies and technical changes in software.
Daily use of MS office tools to feed in data to evaluate target market.
Solved after sales technical issues visiting client locations.
Marketing Research Analyst
 
February 2005
 
to 
March 2006
 
Company Name
Performed market research SWOT analysis for Amul Products, largest Food Company, marketing milk & milk products in India to study
effectiveness of its brand.
Integrate market research information into company system to develop new leads.
Identify effect-cause relationships between financial outcomes and marketed actions, thus raising profitability.
Used research tools to understand target market and its competitors, increasing response rate by 30%.
Utilized excel charts, graphs and PowerPoint to portray results of complex analysis.
Conducted ambush marketing for category-specific product to anticipate customers' future needs.
Used quantitative and qualitative methods and consolidated information into actionable reports and presentations.
Education and Training
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A)
 
: 
Marketing
 
, 
May 2009
 
University of Pune
 
India
 
Marketing
Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A)
 
: 
May 2007
 
University of Gujarat
 
India
CERTIFICATIONS and TRAINING * 
Training - SAP Production and Planning (PP) | SAP Materials Management (MM) * 
Certificate -
Introduction to Python Programming from Udemy * 
Certificate - Introduction to Python for Data Science from Udemy
Skills
acquisitions, Adobe Photoshop, advertising, approach, Automobiles, Basic, Brochures, budget, charts, closing, color, concept, conferences, Corel
Draw, client, clients, Customer service, Databases, Decision Making, delivery, designing, Editing, ERP, Senior Management, financial, functional,
graphs, hand tools, HP, Internet Explorer, Team Building, Linux, Machine Tools, Mac OS, market research, marketing, market, MS Access,
Excel, MS Office, Outlook, Outlook Express, PowerPoint, PP, 2000, Windows 95, 98, Word, Microsoft Word, MIS, MS DOS, Multi-tasking,
Negotiating, networking, next, NT servers, Operating Systems, Oracle, order management, positioning, power tools, Presentations, pricing
strategy, Problem-Solving, development of product, Product Development, marketing and product, Programming, Project Management, Python,
quality, QuickBooks, Research, selling, Sales, sales development, SAP Materials Management, SAP MM, SAP, SAP PP, SAP R/3, strategy,
Strategic, Strategic analysis, team player, Time management, trade shows, Vista, welding