PROGRAM MANAGER
Professional Summary
Highly-motivated community service professional skilled at networking, media outreach and relationship development. Flexible and versatile team
player who maintains a sense of humor under pressure.
Core Qualifications
Citizen engagement
Employee relations
Media relations
Inter-governmental and legislative affairs
Social media
Event planning and logistics
Public speaking
Copywriting and copyediting
Microsoft Word and Excel expertise
Strong communication skills
Experience
10/2015
 
to 
08/2016
Program Manager
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Contributed to relevant blogs, conferences and events both off-line and online to increase brand awareness.
Managed the complete redesign and launch of the company's website in 
[Number]
 
months.
Created an official company page on Facebook to facilitate interaction with customers.
Managed all social media programs, including Internet forums, blogs, social networking applications and message boards.
Presented on current promotions to the public at events and tradeshows.
Wrote newsletter marketing copy and presentation materials for special projects.
Established effective working relationships with clients, government officials and media representatives.
Developed and implemented communication strategies and information programs.
Gathered and analyzed data on community needs and interests.
Developed and published a monthly citizen newsletter.
Organized public appearances, lectures, contests and exhibits to increase product awareness.
Designed web and other content, including monthly newsletters and promotional calendars.
Managed the editorial content, design and distribution of the external company newsletter.
Conferred with production, graphic design and web-design personnel to coordinate production of corporate communications materials.
Developed corporate communications strategies and programs, including project timelines.
Coached less experienced public relations staff members on corporate communications practices.
Proofread and reviewed all print and electronic content for correct grammar and adherence to house style.
Revised campaigns in response to feedback from the creative director, account team and clients.
Reviewed and edited colleagues' written work for grammar, tone, voice and creative quality.
Implemented SEO strategy, resulting in 
[Number]
 % increase to website hits.
Used software to manage efficient delivery and track content drafts.
Communicated with designers, graphic producers, video editors and videographers to create cohesive company voice.
Researched industrial and technical information to quickly come up to speed with unfamiliar industries.
Maintained awareness of digital trends and new emerging technologies and platforms.
08/2011
 
to 
Current
Office of State Representative Intern District Director
 
City
 
, 
State
Recruited, trained and supervised 8-12 new staff members, interns and volunteers each year.
Reviewed staff work and gave comprehensive and constructive feedback.
Developed a 28-page training manual for new interns and volunteers.
Developed training program for specific, assigned job tasks, including database management and constituent casework.
Drafted meeting agendas, supplied advance materials and executed follow-up for meetings and team conferences.
Planned and publicized events, including securing more than $150,000 in sponsorships.
Edited and distributed press releases and pitches to local and national media outlets, securing positive coverage in multiple publications.
Attended community meetings and forums to answer questions, address complaints and explain procedures.
Collaborated with community members to educate the public regarding issues such as constitutional amendments and newly enacted
legislation.
Received and screened a high volume of internal and external communications, including email and mail.
Simplified topics such as healthcare, energy, government and technology through clear, concise and compelling writing.
Wrote newsletter copy and presentation materials for special projects.
Created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced Excel functions and calculations to develop reports and lists.
01/2012
 
to 
05/2012
Intern
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Identified customer needs through market research and analysis.Tracked communication regarding clients using print and electronic media.
Education
Bachelorof Science
 
: 
Public Relations
 
University of Texas at Austin
 
Public Relations
Bachelor of Journalism
 
: 
Broadcast
 
University of Texas
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
Broadcast
Skills
Excellent interpersonal skills, Strong communication skills, concise, conferences, copyediting, Copywriting, clients, database management, email,
Employee relations, Event planning, government, logistics, market research and analysis, materials, Media relations, meetings, Excel, mail,
Microsoft Word, newsletter, page, press releases, problem solver, Public speaking, publications, Fast learner, Self-starter, spreadsheets