SUBSTITUTE TEACHER
Summary
Receiving an education on Psychology and pursuing my teaching certification,ha been the best professional accomplishment I have achieved. The
teaching in the absence of the teacher helped me understand that I haveÂ  a background to implement the strategist teach.
Sales Manager successful in relationship and team building. Motivates sales teams to exceed sales goals with track record of consistently achieving
employee retention, skilled in leading teams to set record-high sales figures, expand existing territories and develop new accounts. Achieve record-
setting revenue gains. Talented, effective at multi- tasking and reaching sales targets. Builds loyalty and long-term relationships with customers
Business development executive experienced in all aspects of sales and marketing, contract negotiation and account management. Driven
professional who effectively builds loyalty and long-term relationships with customers while consistently exceeding sales targets.
Accomplishments
8620 Spectrum Center Blvd.
San Diego, CA 92123 Accomplishments 
Attentive Sales Manager with track record of consistently achieving employee retention and sales
goals.
8 
years in sales, customer service and personnel and payroll management.
Driven to exceed goals and 
expectations.
Talented sales professional effective at multi-tasking and reaching sales targets.
Builds loyalty and 
long-term relationships with customers.
Experience
Substitute Teacher
 
01/2016
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
Manage classrooms, and help children throughout the day, by assessing the lesson of the day.
Maintaining discipline in the classroom.
10/2011
 
to 
01/2017
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Advised prospective employees on various tips and tricks that would assist them in gaining 
employment in the organization.
Implement effective HR policies to ensure all practices are following labor and employment regulations.
Increased employee retention above 90% by rigorously maintaining a positive work environment.
Develop targeted outreach recruitment programs to recruit more minorities and meet affirmative action 
requirements.
Created a website with an embedded database and FTP functionality to enable online recruitment for the 
organization and reducing
recruitment costs by 10%.
Develop user friendly application forms and questionnaires to be used by the organization during staff 
recruitment and interviewing.
Arbitrate labor disputes in collaboration with the legal department.
Operations Sales Manager
 
09/2008
 
to 
10/2011
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Established operational objectives and work plans and delegated assignments to subordinate managers.
Supervised a team of 15 area managers and 35 associates.
Developed executive presentations and reports to facilitate project evaluation and process improvement.
Directed planning, budgeting, vendor selection and quality assurance efforts.
Defined clear targets and objectives and communicated them to other team members.
Reviewed sales, customer concerns and new opportunities to drive business strategy at weekly planning 
sessions.
Assessed vendor products and maintained positive vendor relations.
Supported the sales team in writing proposals and closing contracts.
Developed quarterly and annual sales department budgets.
Developed a comprehensive training program for new sales associates.
Reviewed operational records and reports to project sales and determine profitability.
Trained all incoming sales team members.
Maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges and 
security practices.
Insurance Agent
 
08/2005
 
to 
08/2008
Fred Loya Insurance - Eagle Pass TX 78852 
Met with existing and prospective clients each week to select appropriate insurance policies.
Calculated quotes and educated potential clients on insurance options.
Tracked the progress of all outstanding insurance claims.
Calculated premiums and established payment methods for sales.
Identified and solicited sales prospects in agency databases.
Evaluated leads obtained through direct referrals, lead databases and cold calling.
Modeled exceptional customer service skills and appropriate diagnostic sales techniques.
Collected all premiums on or before effective date of coverage.
Contributed ideas and offered constructive feedback at weekly sales and training meetings.
Education and Training
High School Diploma
 
2000
 
Eagle Pass High School
 
City
 
, 
State
Associate of ScienceMEDICAL
 
2009
 
KAPLAN UNIVERSITY
 
City
 
, 
State
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Psychology minnor on 
Child Development
 
2017
 
Psychology Child Development
Languages
Fluent in English and Spanish
Skills
agency, budgeting, budgets, business strategy, closing, cold calling, interpersonal, communication skills, Excellent Communication, oral, contracts,
Critical thinking, clients, Client Relations, Customer Service, customer service skills, databases, database, Fluent in English, forms, FTP, HR,
Insurance, Leadership, legal, Marketing, meetings, Mergers and acquisitions, Works, organizational, policies, executive presentations, Problem
Solver, process improvement, progress, proposals, quality assurance, recruitment, sales, sales and training, Spanish, Strategic marketing,
supervision, Time management, vendor relations, website, written