BRANCH ADMINISTRATOR
Objective
Obtain a challenging position which will demonstrate and highlight my organizational, customer service, communication, and project management
skills.
Summary
Committed and motivated Administrative Assistant with exceptional customer service and decision making skills. Strong work ethic, professional
demeanor and great initiative.Energetic and reliable Office Manager skilled with working with a diverse group of people. Excellent team-building
skills.
Motivated personable business professional with a successful track record in the business and retail field. Quickly master new technologies and
skills. Diplomatic and tactful with professionals and non-professionals at all levels. Accustomed to handling sensitive, confidential records.
Demonstrated history of producing accurate, timely reports. Flexible and versatile - able to maintain a sense of humor under pressure. Thrive in
deadline-driven environments.
Highlights
Skills Summary â—† Project Management â—† Report Preparation â—† Written Correspondence â—† General Office
Skills â—† Computer Savvy â—† Customer Service â—† Scheduling â—† Distribution â—† Communication â—†
Accounting/Bookkeeping â—† Front-Office Operations â—† Bi-Lingual Spanish
Microsoft
Office
proficiency
Excel
spreadsheets
Meticulous
attention to
detail
Strong
problem
solver
Self-directed
Professional
and mature
Resourceful
Dedicated
team player
Strong
interpersonal
skills
Proofreading
Accomplishments
Received a merit raise for strong attention to detail, exemplary customer service and team-player attitude.Successfully planned and executed
corporate meetings, lunches and special events for groups of employees.
Experience
Company Name
 
October 2009
 
to 
Current
 
Branch Administrator
 
City
 
, 
State
Prepare & process complex reports for managers on a daily basis ensuring to meet tight deadlines. â—† Diagnose and resolve all inquires from
customers and closely working with our sales department. â—† Invoicing on a timely matter for three branches. Processing service orders daily. â
—† â—†
Company Name
 
August 2005
 
to 
July 2009
 
BILLER/CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 
City
 
, 
State
Accounts payable and receivable as well as account reconciliation. 
Invoiced all incoming receipts on a timely basis. Process all incoming customer
phone orders.
Management of all appointments and delivery schedules on calendar.
Managed drivers schedules and dispatching assuring they are checked in and accessible.
Company Name
 
September 2002
 
to 
July 2005
 
LOGISTICS & CUSTOMER SERVICE COORDINATOR
 
City
 
, 
State
â—†Oversee front-office operations and provide impeccable customer service. Key contact for all vendor requirement assurance.Sales liaison to ensure shipments were executed in timely manner and while assuring quality control. Reviewed all contracts and proposals.
Management of all meeting and event logistics and planning.
Transmissions of all EDI documents and order processing.
Accounting:
Invoicing
Creation/maintenance of excel spreadsheets for budgeting and inventory purposes.
Chargeback's
Inventory Management
Shipping Management:
Assurance of delivery deadlines.Received and distributed faxes and mail in a timely manner.Properly routed agreements, contracts and invoices
through the signature process.Managed daily office operations and maintenance of equipment.Created and maintained spreadsheets using
advanced Excel functions and calculations to develop reports and lists.Verification of vendor specification compliance. 
Responsible for generating
style's and color codes in style master
Oversaw call center operations and staff.
Highest level of care for resolving customer inquiries/complaints.
Expense reporting and tracking for CSC as well as inventory controller for all Ralph Lauren Divisions.
Management of all meeting and event logistics and planning
Education
LINCOLN TECHNICAL SCHOOL
 
2007
 
Certification on body Mechanics
 
: 
Massage Therapist
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
LINCOLN TECHNICAL SCHOOL - Edison, NJ Graduated in June 2007 Certified Massage Therapist
HUDSON COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE
 
High School Diploma
 
: 
Liberal Arts
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
HUDSON COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Jersey City, NJ 1993-1996
Certifications
CSC Certified Massage Therapist
Languages
â—† Bi-Lingual Spanish
Skills
Customer Service, Receptionist, Retail Sales, Account Reconciliation, Accounts Payable, Customer Service Representative, Dispatching,
Inventory, Logistics, Operations, Accounting, Budgeting, Color Codes, Csc, Customer Inquiries, Customer Service Manager, Edi, Excel,
Invoicing, Liaison, Maintenance, Order Processing, Quality Control, Sales, Service Center, Shipping, Transmissions, Accounting/bookkeeping, Bi,
Bi-lingual, Bookkeeping, Business Intelligence, Correspondence, Project Management, Retail, Retail Marketing, Scheduling