BOOKSELLER
Professional Profile
Ever since I've been able to work I have, the day I turned 16 I got a job at Wal-Mart and I was with Wal-Mart for about a year and a half. My
only reason for leaving my job at Wal-Mart was because I had to get a second job for my co-op class that I had in high school. I did work both
jobs for a few months but I had to quit at Wal-Mart because they couldn't work with my other job schedule. While I was an associate at Wal-
Mart I did work different departments such as apparel, jewelry, and I worked as a cashier. I currently work at a Childcare to help me pursue my
future career in Speech and Language Pathology. I have experience in customer service, and talking to parents and children. I consider myself a
very driven hard worker, if I am given a task I complete it to my best ability.
Qualifications
Customer service mindset
Receive return merchandise
Enthusiasm
Professional appearance
Restocking
Cheerfulness
Efficiency
Experience
Bookseller
 
, 
08/2016
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Cleaned and straightened work area.
Bagged merchandise by following standard procedures.
Organized register supplies.
Worked with customer service to resolve issues
Unboxed new merchandise.
Rotated stock to maintain freshness.
Operated cash register with proficiency.
Provided professional and courteous service at all times.
Worked overtime shifts during busy periods. 
Teacher/ Closer
 
, 
09/2014
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
During my time at Southside Christian Childcare and Preschool I have learned many things.
From simple things of how to properly sanitize a changing table to having to take care of a child after a bad accident.
I have learned how to better communicate with others, and care for children properly.
Some of my responsibilities as a teacher was to teach the children the things they should be learning according to the curriculum at that age
range while also having fun.
My responsibilities as a closer included making sure all rooms were clean and ready for the next day, make sure dishes are done, and most
importantly all doors are locked and secure.
Establish and enforce rules for behavior, and procedures for maintaining order.
Organize and lead activities designed to promote physical, mental and social development, such as games, arts and crafts, music,
storytelling, and field trips.
Teach basic skills such as color, shape, number and letter recognition, personal hygiene, and social skills.
Observe and evaluate children's performance, behavior, social development, and physical health.
Read books to entire classes or to small groups.
Attend to children's basic needs by feeding them, dressing them, and changing their diapers.
Provide a variety of materials and resources for children to explore, manipulate and use, both in learning activities and in imaginative play.
Prepare materials and classrooms for class activities.
Identify children showing signs of emotional, developmental, or health- related problems, and discuss them with supervisors, parents or
guardians, and child development specialists.
Meet with parents and guardians to discuss their children's progress and needs, determine their priorities for their children, and suggest ways
that they can promote learning and development.
Adapt teaching methods and instructional materials to meet students' varying needs and interests.
Apparel and Jewelry Associate and Cashier
 
, 
04/2013
 
to 
01/2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
My responsibilities as a apparel associate at Wal-Mart included cleaning up apparel; folding clothes, watching over the fitting rooms,
answering the telephone, putting out new merchandise, using handhelds to find out where products are, or if they are in stock.
As a cashier at Wal-Mart my responsibilities included customer service, making sure my register was always clean and ready for my next
customer.
While I was in apparel I was also working the Jewelry Counter, my responsibilities included were making sure the cases were locked,
making jewelry sales, learning how to put items on lay-a-way, and making sure the count on merchandise was correct.
Greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs.
Describe merchandise and explain use, operation, and care of merchandise to customers.
Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires.
Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise.
Compute sales prices, total purchases and receive and process cash or credit payment.
Prepare sales slips or sales contracts.
Help customers try on or fit merchandise.Open and close cash registers, performing tasks such as counting money, separating charge slips, coupons, and vouchers, balancing cash
drawers, and making deposits.
Prepare merchandise for purchase or rental.
Watch for and recognize security risks and thefts, and know how to prevent or handle these situations.
Inventory stock and requisition new stock.
Ticket, arrange and display merchandise to promote sales.
Education
High School Diploma
 
:
 
Jun 2015
 
Oldham County High School
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
Skills
Cash handling, Cashier, Cash registers, Communication Skills, Customer Service, Speak english and learning ASL, Inventory, Listening, MS
Office, Teaching, Time Management