SUPERINTENDANT
Summary
Energetic Construction Manager consistently involved in all facets of construction. Specialty in commercial interior renovation and some residential
experience, as well as experience with permits.Â 
Highlights
Permit processing
Site safety coordinator
Safe job site set-up
Blueprint fluency
Power and hand tool operation
MS Office proficient
Organized and detail-oriented
Superb management skills Â 
Computer-skilledMS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and MSProject Proficient in AutoCAD, Revit
?
Accomplishments
Graduated from ITT Tech with an Associates degree in drafting and design, and a Bachelors degree on construction management. Duties requires
by my prior occupation include assisting the company's superintendent by writing e-mails to subcontractors, and the construction management team
and RFI's to the architect and/or owner for project completion. I also worked with tools installing doors, windows, patching, painting walls, and
some concrete work. Also with my skills as a designer, I was able to produce numerous amounts of shop drawings for subcontractors with the
owner in order to be able to meet deadlines for the construction management team. as a supervisor Â I have Â managed over $3 milion dollars in
project forÂ interior renovation, while supervising a team of subcontractors in various trades, Â filing documentation, running plans as needed in
order to achieve a fluent and progressive project.Â 
Experience
Company Name
 
February 2012
 
to 
Current
 
Superintendant
 
City
 
, 
State
Qualified competitive subcontractor bids prior to execution of contracts.
 Carefully coordinated plans and specs using marketing programming
standards.
 
Stayed consistent with project schedules and plans for all installations. 
Submitted all project closeout documents in accordance with the
contract. 
Followed through with competent execution of project plans by providing proper tools and equipment to all construction personnel.
Performed construction site pre-inspections and coordinated post-construction audits. 
Accurately provided status information on project progress
to the project management. 
Efficiently recorded and rejected incorrect deliveries of material to site. 
Monitored the safety of all construction
activities, making on-site personnel safety the top priority. 
Proficiently used the Incident and Issues Tracking (IIT) system to document all onsite
issues.Â Obtained notices of completion and compliance certifications from all of the construction administration consultants. 
Led and managed
resolution of all issues during project construction and commissioning phases.
projects:Â 
"Dermcare": (Comercial Interior Renovation) Â 
project price: $500,000+Â 
Responsibilities:
project had to be done by do date if not our company would be responsible for liquidating damages.
Supervise, coordinate, direct, a team of subcontractors. worked directly with architect and interior designer, i was involved with all aspects of the
project from scheduling subcontractors, formulating daily report, and formulating strategies to be able to accomplish task.Â 
 Assigned projects and
tasks to employees based on their competencies and specialties
 .Â 
 Facilitated processing of RFI's, submittals and samples among the general
contractor, the owner and the owner's consultants.
 Obtained notices of completion and compliance certifications from all of the construction
administration consultants.
 Submitted all project closeout documents in accordance with the contract.
"Skyzone": (Interior Built out)Â 
price of project: 700,000+
responsibilities:
Supervise, coordinate, direct, a team of subcontractors. worked directly with Structural Engineer, i was involved with all aspects of the project
from scheduling subcontractors to building permanent platforms and attaching stairs to mezzanine, formulating daily report, and formulating
strategies to be able to accomplish task.
 Followed through with competent execution of project plans by providing proper tools and equipment to
all construction personnel. 
Accurately provided status information on project progress to the project management. 
Efficiently recorded and
rejected incorrect deliveries of material to site. 
Monitored the safety of all construction activities, making on-site personnel safety the top priority
 
.
Submitted all project closeout documents in accordance with the contract.
Family Medical Center (New Interior Build-out) Â 
project Price:$500,000
responsibilities:
Supervise, coordinate, direct, a team of subcontractors. worked directly with architect and interior designer, i was involved with all aspects of the
project from scheduling subcontractors, formulating daily report, and formulating strategies to be able to accomplish task.Â Assigned projects and
tasks to employees based on their competencies and specialties.Â Facilitated processing of RFI's, submittals and samples among the general
contractor, the owner and the owner's consultants.Obtained notices of completion and compliance certifications from all of the construction
administration consultants.Submitted all project closeout documents in accordance with the contract.
?(pictures Upon Request)Â 
?
Company Name
 
February 2010
 
to 
February 2012
 
Superintendent / permit runner / design coordinator 
City
 
, 
State
this company allowed me to grow with in a short couple of months, i displayed a great amount of responsibility and ability to comprehend the taskat hand. i worked on projects such as (Marlin Stadium, Calder race track, and remodeling homes for LHHA (little Haiti housing Association)).Â 
Marlin Stadium:
responsibilities: as a team leader given tasks and a team to complete all work assigned to our company. operating heavy equipment, reading
architectural/ structural plans, installing foundation for exterior signs, and installing all signs wall, floor, rail mounted. with a team of 6 men, while
formulating daily reports, and following a self formulated schedule, i achieved all goals and time lines expected from contractor.Â 
Calder Race Track:Â 
responsibilities: rebuilt all trainer in house living cabins.remodeled over 15 units with in a couple of months. rebuild bathrooms, some plumbing,
replace drywall, roof leaks, replace electrical fixtures,minor wiring, painting, some flooring, trim and door installations, etc.... (cosmetic) . with a
team of 4 i turned 1-3 units a week. Organized my team to work on multiple cabins at the same time. created outline of work and materials needed
to complete each cabin. Formulated a soft cost budget for each unit, depending on the shape they where in.
Â Homes For (LHHA.): as a supervisor i was given a print out of a scope of work per area in homes that where in bad shape to say the least. i
was given a list of sub contractors to perform the work, i was also responsible for permitting, drawing plans, and getting sub contractor proper
paper work and plans from each municipalities (miami Garden, North Miami, North Miami Beach). had over 3 houses at one time,all different
scope of work, juggling permitting and following different scopes at each one.Â 
Company Name
 
January 2008
 
to 
February 2010
 
Superintendent assistant 
City
 
, 
State
 
Carefully coordinated plans and specifications using marketing programming standards.Facilitated processing of RFI's, submittals and
samples among the general contractor, the owner, and the owner's consultants. Obtained notices of completion and compliance certifications from
all of the construction administration consultants. Stayed consistent with project schedules and plans for all installations. Facilitated final jobs
punch- list. Itemized, performed jobs, and organized crew to perform final stages of projects. Also helped with permitting processes additional to
the contract. I learned a lot of valuable lessons like teamwork at this company, and I hope I get to use it with with yours and further learn the
trade.Â 
Education
ITT TECH 
2013
 
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Construction Management 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
U.S