DIRECTOR OF PIPELINE OPERATIONS
Executive Profile
Innovative executive operations director with solid experience managing all levels of multiple projects including budgeting and administration
Skill Highlights
Project Management and Planning
Leadership/Communication skills
Business Operations Organization
Budget Administration
Negotiations
Public Relations
Quality Control
Project Development
Change Implementation
Project Estimating
New Business Development
Report Matrix Development
Customer-Oriented
Operations Management
Core Accomplishments
Project Management:
 Â 
Initiated several capital expansion projects which resulted in achieving projects being completed on time and under budget.
Operations Management:
 Â 
Managed pipeline operations including field operations and engineering.
Handled all functions related to new customer interconnects.
Instituted new processes for operational management.
Staff Development:
 Â 
Reorganized, hired and mentored staff to manage projects.
Launched well-received program of professional development for newly created departments for non-union and union staff.
Mentored and coached employees resulting in a significant increase in productivity.
Professional Experience
September 2011
to
Current
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Director of Pipeline Operations
Strengthened company's business by leading implementation of reorganized processes including gas control, engineering and design, project
management, pipeline and compression systems, integrity management, and facility optimization and pipeline fuel process functions.
Directs and ensures the attainment of obligations to customers, system reliability, safe operations, and system efficiency.
Spearheaded and directed the procurement of indirect employees and contractors engaged in the operation and maintenance of natural gas
facilities and related equipment across varied work locations.
Headed the operation with a focus to safety, compliance, reliability, efficiency, cost management, innovation and working together.
Manage construction and O&M activities to ensure company procedures are followed and that compliance is maintained relative to all
applicable local, state and federal regulatory requirements.
Successfully built and operated several new Interconnects with total new capacity to the overall system of 1,120,000MDTHD over a period
of 3 years and all projects were built on time and on budget.
Successfully implemented, built and operated two new expansion compressor stations in 2013 and 2014 with total HP of 28,300 and each
facility was built on time and on budget ($88.3M) even though both were built during winter construction time lines among other challenges.
Total new system capacity of 317,500MDTD was realized.
Developed network modeling protocol including roll out of validation of former modeling work which enabled to further expand modeling
capabilities including operational modeling so Gas Control can utilize more real time scenarios to further ensure our pipelines reliability.
Lead in improvement of multi-year contract agreements with various partner entities which operate pipeline system including engineering,
operations, commercial, legal, EHS, project management, ROW and other service.
Developed new Capital and O&M budgeting process to ensure accountability of operations and project management groups as projects
are developed and managed. This helped achieve an over 95% success rate on projects being on budget within 2 years from an average
25% budget success rate when I began.
Worked with executive team on development of a five year business plan to ensure sustained financial growth by developing expansion
scenarios of pipeline system that would help sustain said growth to 2020. From this, three viable expansion projects are in various stages of
moving forward, one was just approved for FERC pre-filing process (May 2015) with a capital outlay estimate at $39.8M.
January 2010
to
September 2011
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Senior Project ManagerProvided the lead in the development of the team of project managers, procurement, environmental staff, and engineers to deliver results for
a variety of clients
Identify, propose, develop scope, close, and manage engineering and/or construction projects from conception to closeout
Introduced a comprehensive Business Development plan to attract new clients
Proactively build and sustain relationships with targeted clients
Negotiated and worked with several confidential clients in work in difficult permitting processes with the FERC, federal and state
environmental agencies.
December 2007
to
January 2010
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Construction Project Manager
Provided senior level lead management oversight for all phases of all construction projects
Coordinate and guide contractors, material, and equipment.
Develop cost-effective plan and schedule for completion of projects following a logical pattern for utilization of resources.
Selected and coordinated work of contractors working on various phases of the project.
Monitored the performance of all contractors.
Review and approve all architectural and engineering drawings to make sure that all specifications and regulations are being followed.
Implemented and managed proper administration of construction contracts.
Obtain all necessary permits and licenses.
Supervise and mentored assistant managers, engineers and support staff.
Manage that all environmental and safety matrixes are met.
Report to President and owners about progress and any necessary modifications of plans.
Successfully took over projects from previous management, achieved to build and commission two new expansion compressor stations, a
station addition and cooling facilities at another on two separate expansion projects. Total HP installed of 27,900 and all facilities were built
on time and on budget ($108.2M).
January 1989
to
December 2007
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Engineering, Operations and Construction Leader
Employed in several managerial roles including the following:
Leader of Construction: Supervise daily operations in accordance with job specification and customer requirements from handoff from
business development and sales; Work with engineering to develop projects including estimate and design; Monitor progress of crew for
satisfactory job completion; Achieved construction progress aligned with overall project schedule and cost estimate; Prepare reports for
customers and management; Interview and hire union employees and custom contractors; Train, evaluate, and appraise employee
performance.
Damage Prevention Leader: Managed and mentored lead operations group that performs underground facility locating and leak detection;
Assured company followed State statutes and other Federal and State laws related to underground facility protection and compliance;
Analyzed, classify and rate risks, exposures and damage expectancies; lead investigator in damage claims; Train others in developed
processes and procedures, including training certifications; Managed all planning, assign and direct work of subordinate employees engaged
in various aspects of work.
Supervisor of Engineering: Managed all work related to design, survey, estimating costs of capital and O&M projects; Short and long-term
planning relating to the Company's infrastructure; Supervises a crew of employees including Engineering Technicians and Design
Engineer/Technologists; Prepare designs, specifications, and cost estimates for construction and reconstruction projects; Prepare tender and
contract documents, and the administration of contract work; Review subdivision applications, site servicing plans for building applications,
etc. for new business development. All leadership roles included being on Emergency standby for various operational situations
emergencies.
Organized and lead a newly formed Safety Committee as committee president which included executive and union management to meet
monthly to discuss key safety and risk management issues and set plans for continual improvement in areas including compliance to all
Federal occupational safety and health laws and standards.
Helped develop a comprehensive public relations program to better relations with the various municipalities the company served.
Developed and implemented division and company-wide Damage Prevention program to improve activities to reduce locator error and
facility damage by excavation. Reduced division locator error from over 6% to a 0% error rate in two years and maintained a 0% locator
error rate for 2 additional years.
Involved in the developed and implemented company-wide process to stream-line new customer main and service installation: from
customer connection to sales department to final installation to meter /flow of gas to customer. This reduced time from first customer inquiry
to turning of meter from average of 68 days to average 31 days.
Developed estimation tool for estimating new and replacement mains and services using a method using the 'cost per foot' and 'construction
location matrix', reducing the need for T&M project estimation and streamlining contractor costs and bid process.
Education
1998Cambridge College
 
Certificate
 
: 
Negotiation and Conflict Resolution
Graduate Level Certificate, Negotiation and Conflict Resolution - Cambridge College 1998 Awards
1998
Cambridge College
 
Master of Education
 
: 
Integrated Studies and Management
Master of Education (M.Ed.), Integrated Studies and Management - Cambridge College 1998
1986
Porter and Chester Institute
 
Design Technology
 
Architectural and Civil Design Technology - Porter and Chester Institute 1985-1986
Skills
Project Management
Operational Restructure and Change
Quality Management
Departmental 
Operations Management
Eagle Scout