PUBLIC RELATIONS MANAGER
Summary
I am a seasoned professional with 30 years of experience in communications, public relations, event planning and media relations. I have extensive
knowledge of marketing campaigns, sales, messaging, and dissemination techniques and methods. 
I am an award-winning writer and editor with
multimedia production experience who communicates effectively with target audiences through strategic brand management and PR campaigns.
Core Competencies Project management Sound judgment Deadline-driven Marketing and sales specialist Exceptional writer Proficient web
management and CMS applications Decisive problem solver Team player with transportation experience
Experience
Public Relations Manager
 
, 
06/1998
 
to 
10/2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Lead communications professional for nation's fifth largest truckload carrier, with 10,000 employees and $1.5B revenue.
Researched, planned, implemented and tracked public relations, communications and marketing activities.
Expanded company recognition in the national press in support various departments, including sales and marketing.
Cultivated positive relationships with the community and area media outlets through public relations initiatives.
Organized executive public appearances, lectures and exhibits to increase awareness of U.S.
Xpress as a leader in the 
transportation industry and as a leading business in Chattanooga.
Planned and organized corporate media and other special events.
Managed all media, press and public relations issues.
Developed corporate communications strategies and programs, including company's crisis communications plan.
Coached client representatives on effective communication with the public and employees.
Worked with management to identify trends and developments that might influence PR decisions and strategies.
Acted as communications liaison for internal teams at the company.
Designed web and other content, including monthly newsletters, magazines and promotional calendars.
Served as webmaster for usxpress.com Conferred with production, graphic design and webÂ​design personnel to coordinate production of
corporate communications materials.
Managed the editorial content, design and distribution of the company e-blasts and video magazines.
Estimated project costs and monitored budgets.
Contributed to relevant blogs, conferences and events both offÂ​line and online to increase brand awareness and led initiatives on company
Facebook page.
Planned and negotiated media buys, including TV, radio, print and digital.
Designed and created marketing collateral for sales meetings, trade shows and company executives.
Managed both inbound and outbound marketing campaigns to generate new business and to support partner and sales teams.
Managed the inÂ​house advertising program consisting of print and media collateral pieces.
Established production schedules and communicated project status to stakeholders.
Presented on current promotions to the public at events and tradeshows.
Sports/Feature Writer & Project Development Specialist
 
, 
11/1985
 
to 
06/1998
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Earned PRSA Lookout Chapter award for Best Overall Public Relations Campaign in 2001.
Sports & Feature Writer
Offered daily coverage of sports and special events for the Chattanooga Free Press, the city's largest newspaper at time of my tenure.
Provided coverage of the following major events: Both 1991 and 1992 World Series, the 1991 NCAA football national championship
victory by Georgia Tech in the Citrus Bowl, the 1992 college basketball Final Four and the 1993 Presidential Inauguration.
Interviewed the following major sports figures: Arthur Ashe, Joe Namath, Terry Bradshaw, Bobby Orr, Chris Evert, John McEnroe, Boris
Becker and Bob Costas.
Recognized by the Tennessee Sports Writer's Association as one of the state's best writers covering high school sports, winning awards in
1988, 1992 and 1995.
Coordinated production of 48-page souvenir programs for Southern Tennis Association Championships in 1991 and 1992.
Project Development Specialist
Responsible for taking a prototype interactive phone service and customizing the computer program to fit the audio.
information and marketing needs of the Chattanooga Free Press and Chattanooga Times.
Designer and developer of the Infoline phone service, which received an average of 50,000 calls per week during my tenure.
Infoline, featuring audio updates on the latest news, sports and lottery results, entertainment updates, daily horoscopes and a host of other
information choices, became a vital new resource for Chattanoogans, who made more than six million calls to the service in its first three-
plus years.
Coordinating producer for all inÂ​house recording on Infoline.
These duties include the following: Both write of all locally-generated Infoline scripts; narrator for over 90 percent of these scripts, ranging
from short commercials to major presentations on health and legal issues; liaison to editorial staffs of Free Press and Times in designing
public opinion polls and other special features.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
:
 
Mass Communications Speech
 
,
 
1 1984
 
St. Cloud State University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.07 GPA:
3.2
 
Mass Communications Speech GPA: 3.07 GPA: 3.2Skills
advertising, audio, budgets, com, conferences, content, corporate communications, corporate communications, crisis communications, client,
designing, editorial, special events, features, graphic design, legal, marketing, marketing collateral, materials, meetings, newsletters, newspaper,
developer, page, personnel, presentations, Press, PR, producer, Public Relations, Xpress, radio, recording, sales, scripts, phone, TV, trade
shows, transportation, video, webmaster, Writer
Additional Information
Award Highlights With U.S. Xpress Earned 2000 Aegis Award for outstanding documentary presentation for Driven To Success, a video
which covered the history of U.S. Xpress from 1986 to 1999. Earned PRSA Lookout Chapter award for Best Business-To-Business
Marketing Communications in 2003. Earned Achievement In Advertising Award from Critics Board of Traffic World magazine in 2008.
Earned PRSA Lookout Chapter award for Crisis Communications in 2002.