CONSULTANT
Summary
Versatile Management Professional trained in Insurance, Healthcare, Project Management, and Operational Leadership who thrives in dynamic,
challenging and fast-paced professional environments. Assertive and enthusiastic, with extensive knowledge of risk management and business
administration and an unsurpassed work ethic.
Highlights
B2B sales and service
Process improvement strategies
Contract review & management
Healthcare & Long-term care product expertise
In-depth knowledge of markets and
relationships t
Claims file management processes
Medical terminology and coding knowledge
Insurance fraud expertise
Mergers and acquisitions knowledge
Lean, Agile, Six Sigma, and Project Management (PMP) Coursework
Project development and life cycle management
Business management methodology & procedure development
Business and requirements analysis and workflow planning with quality assurance
Regulatory compliance; SOX and financial audits; HIPPA; Fair Credit Act
experience
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
07/2014
 
to 
08/2015
Developed and managed annual budget in excess of $6 million while actively seeking ways to eliminate or reduce expenses while exceeding
revenue expectations.
Drafted action plans and led meetings with department executives to review project status and proposed changes of initiatives.
Monitored costs, timescales and resources used to achieve reserve accuracy and claims closure projects as well as staffing management and
retention projects running simultaneously.
Minimized staff turnover through appropriate selection, orientation, mentoring, training, staff education, communication, appreciation, and
development.
Delivered proactive account management by understanding client goals and objectives; implemented strategic relationship management
processes; developed and maintained client specific business plans; broadened relationships; managed fiduciary duties; identified
opportunities to increase assets and services.
Fully responsible for technical proficiency of the branch work product, to include compliance with client service instructions and
performance warranties.
Used various metric driven tools to evaluate performance and identify problem areas in advance of them becoming service issues.
Detailed knowledge of State and Federal Insurance laws; HIPPA; Privacy Act; OSHA; Operations regulations; Affordable Health Care
Act; ICD-10 changes; security management; and more.
Oversaw compliance and best practice reporting while demonstrating a thorough understanding of corporate policies and procedures.
Communicated with clients, carriers and brokers in a professional, positive and proactive manner.
Provided exceptional analytical and problem solving skills to all areas of business operations and management.
Ensured consistent execution of client service instructions and performance guarantees.
Provided the skill set and oversight to actively review work of others via file reviews; identified and acted on needed coaching opportunities
and positioned subordinates for successful development leading to advancement within the organization.
Revised policies and procedures in accordance with changes in local, state and federal laws and regulations.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Consultant
 
09/2011
 
to 
07/2014
Translated observational data from contextual investigations, interviews and natural observations into user needs and functional
requirements.
Wrote unique text for Retail and Service websites, including general and branded content.
Proofread and reviewed all print and electronic content for correct grammar and adherence to house style.
Developed creative ideas and concepts in partnership with the art director.
Updated company website content including contact information, articles and services.
Reviewed and edited colleagues' written work for grammar, tone, voice and creative quality.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Director of Operations
 
02/1999
 
to 
10/2013
Initiated programs that standardized employee training and led to increase in customer satisfaction by over 16%.
Regulatory management and compliance; HIPPA, Fair Credit Act, Privacy Act, State and Federal regulatory control for medical and
financial services - maintained up to date understanding of laws and regulations and oversaw staff in documentation and management of
procedures and processes.
Provided Insurance and Risk Management services to individuals, businesses, and non-profit entities/governments as well as loss control
and safety/prevention guidance.
Served as Consultant and Professional Expert to Clients for Medicare Part D; Med Supps; Affordable Care Act; Advantage Plans as well
as various other life, health, and annuity plans.
Managed agency budgets and accounts including payable/receivable, invoicing, P&L, and account reconciliations and all accountingfunctions within the agency.
Managed book roll transfers of business as well as managing the merger and acquisitions of new books of business and agencies and led the
process of merger of data, systems, and staff.
Complied with all contractual, governmental, and insurance law requirements as well as profitability management in regards to loss ratios and
agency contingency awards.
Designed and implemented streamlined workflow processes and employee manuals for more efficient performance and customer service;
led training seminars for all operations.
Maintained client relationships of the property & casualty and life and health book of business.
Underwriting authority with full underwriting responsibilities for property and casualty business.
Pre-evaluated new business, negotiated rates and coverages, reviewed existing book for profitability, implementing preventative actions on
accounts with questionable history.
Worked with company personnel to provide required data for reinsurance on larger commercial and agribusiness accounts and on
negotiation of rates/amendments to policy language to meet client needs.
Evaluated client insurance needs, reviewed policy forms and ISO language as well as significant work in Professional Liability markets and
translating the company specific language and negotiating changes for specific needs.
Responsible for the overall technological direction of the business, which included managing information technology and computer systems.
Fostered interdisciplinary relationships by negotiation and consensus building to attain goals for all disciplines.
Identified customer needs through market research and analysis.
Designed web and other content, including monthly newsletters and promotional calendars.
Cultivated positive relationships with the community through public relations campaigns.
Developed and implemented interesting and interactive learning mediums to increase understanding of course materials both in health
insurance and commercial lines.
Education
Certification
 
:
 
Project Management (PMP) & Six Sigma Black Belt
(In Process)
License
 
:
 
CA Workers Compensation Claims Adjuster
Certification
 
:
 
WCCA, WCCP, AIC, AIC-M Coursework
 
GPA: 
Six Sigma
Diploma
 
:
 
Project Management
Diploma
 
:
 
Quality Management and Regulatory Compliance/Auditing
Designation/Certification
 
:
 
Certified Insurance Counselor (CIC)
License
 
:
 
Property and Casualty & Life/Health/Annuities Insurance Agent
 
State
Bachelors Program
 
:
 
Insurance and Risk Management
 
Indiana State University
Focus In: 
Political Science and Criminology
Skills
account management, account reconciliations, accounting, acquisitions, Agile, art director, agency, B2B, book, budgets, budget, Business
management, business operations, business plans, coaching, CA, Consultant, content, Contract review, Counselor, Credit, client, Clients, customer
satisfaction, customer service, direction, documentation, employee training, file management, financial, financial audits, forms, functional, ICD-10,
information technology, Insurance, invoicing, ISO, law, Regulatory compliance, Long-term care, managing, market research and analysis,
materials, Medical terminology, meetings, mentoring, Mergers and acquisitions, natural, negotiating, negotiation, newsletters, personnel, policies,
problem solving skills, processes, Process improvement, profit, coding, Progress, Project development, Project Management, public relations,
quality, quality assurance, relationship management, reporting, requirements analysis, Retail, Risk Management, safety, sales, San, seminars, Six
Sigma, staffing, strategic, translating, Underwriting, unique, websites, website content, workflow, written, articles