PRODUCT AND WEB DESIGNER
Summary
My career of 34 years includes the graphic art field, fine arts, and elementary art teacher. My personal evolution and vision helps me to know that I
possess truth, talent and ability that is unique and highly creative.
I have always known that art was my life path, and I seek to share in ways that apply to the world today in innovative ways.
The Mission ~ To work with a team as designer or in some capacity where my creativity and thinking outside the box can be utilized best. To
provide graphic expressions that convey the best message whether it be print or web presentation . My many years of experience affords me depth
of knowledge in the arts fields, hands on, and I intend to use this knowledge for future endeavors as freelance designer.
My Offerings ~ I focus on using my creative energy and experience as a Graphic Artist skilled in a variety of designs, logos and marketing
packages designed to strengthen business competence..
I am a visual designer with an aptitude for experimental projects.
My design skills are unique ~ I utilize the basic elements of design: color, line, shape, space, texture and value to help with the overall creation of
any art projects or instruction. My training, experience, and education in art enables me to have a vast resource of ideas to share. And very
importantly, other's ideas inspire me to go beyond and create things that clients envisioned.
Workshops ~ 
I am interested in Teaching groups or private lessons, sharing creatively and working with other artists to create meaningful art.
~ Past and current students and clientele are primarily those listed here:
Art collectors, art galleries, art enthusiasts, parents of students, adults or children who may seek creative art instruction in a wide variety of
mediums from an enthusiastic artist/teacher
Organizations or individuals who may be seeking a career creative artist to assist in projects requiring their ideas becoming fine finished art.
Set design, backgrounds for theatre productions large or small Elementary/Secondary/Adult students who are interested in improving 
motor 
skills,
experiment with various materials, learn the history of art, and apply art to life, possibly in a career involving some of these skills.
The Overview ~~~ My freelance business is based in Cody, Wyoming, but not limited to the area. I am proficient in graphics programs including
Adobe Photoshop, InDesign, Dreamweaver, Illustrator, Microsoft Word, Excel. 
have worked for most of my career at a distance and utilize all of
the modern technology that makes it possible and simple to do this. SHedrick Art & Design on Facebook. Brochure, business cards, and other
collateral Networking with Arts Councils, Galleries, Grant possibilities, and other interests Client referrals available
Background & Experience ~~~ Product design and development of varieties of gifts, toys, socks, dolls, jewelry, snowglobes and more. Approx
20 years with one company. Very large E Commerce Website development and some HTML. Web maintenance. 3 years. Elementary art
instructor with the Art on a Cart program in Cody, Wyoming, 7years. Each year my 300 students are exposed to all elements of art, art history, as
many mediums and techniques as the budget will allow. Self employed freelance artist/illustrator/graphic designer for over 30 years working in a
variety of mediums. Much Photoshop CS5.
Studied with several professional artists privately, and taught art lessons to children through the Cody Parks and Recreation in the summers.
Created an 
organization called Raise Your Hand for Art to promote awareness of the need for art in the elementary age child's growth and how it
actually helps them with their academic studies Invested entire career to date in the field of art.
Currently Registered name and business licensed in the state of Wyoming, formerly in California Completed substitute certification program, and
update regularly Joined several professional associations and memberships Completed hundreds of paintings and graphic works for satisfied
clients.
Highly creative and multi-talented Graphic Designer with more than 30 years in product development and print design.Highlights
Dedicated art professional with over 30 years of hands on experience.
Proficient in Adobe Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator, Microsoft Word, Excel. Some knowledge
of Dreamweaver
Adept researcher and visionary, excellent at working with others' ideas
Self disciplined, work well on own from home office.
Prompt, positive, self-disciplined
Able to work on more than one project at once
Some HTML knowledge
Microsoft Office Suite knowledge
Advanced typography knowledge
Corporate design - 
logos and branding
Strong design sense
Conceptual thinker
Design strategist
Experience with brochure and newsletter
formatting
Logo and business card photography and
layout
Photo enhancing
Website enhancement
Stationery and letterhead
Creative and artistic thinker
Self-motivated professional
Resourceful researcher
Quick learner
Menu design using Adobe InDesign
Project proposals
Professional Associations
Substitute Teaching certification permit 2004-2011 enabled me to teach in Wyoming Public School system. Designed and implemented Art on a
Cart program for Park County School District.
Indimension, Inc., Asheville, NC
Pat O'Hara Brewing Co, Cody, WY
Park County School District, Cody, WY
Park County Arts Council, Cody, WY
Cody Country Art League, Cody, WY
Wildwood Furniture, Cody, WYGold Coast Marketing, Ventura, CA
Irma Hotel, Cody, WY
Fine Art Collectors:
Jerry Russell & Gretchen Stark, Wapiti, WY
Jeri Gillett, Belfry, MT
Ty & Jamie Barhaug, Powell, WY
Dorothea Hartley, Oakview, CA
Experience
January 1995
 
to 
January 2014
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Product and Web Designer
Created graphic materials for the company website.
Designed and printed online interactive sales and marketing collateral.Designed unique print materials, including advertisements, brochures and logo
designs.
Determined styles, size and arrangement of illustrations and graphics.
Assisted in developing and maintaining user-friendly websites.
Translated prototypes and PSDs into launch-ready, pixel-perfect formats.
Maintained site appearance by developing and enforcing content and display standards.
Consistently adhered to all internal delivery schedules.
Collaborated with a team of designers to offer improvements and direction on others' projects.
Prepared layouts and drawings in compliance with established templates and design standards.
Adhered to all corporate brand guidelines when preparing graphic materials.
Recommended techniques, methods and media best suited to produce desired visual effects
Designed artistic signage for special corporate events..
Developed creative graphics that simplified complex messages.
Worked with overseas factories to deliver polished final products.
Contributed ideas during strategic and conceptual brainstorming sessions.
Coordinated with the production factories and delivery managers to follow through from conception, to manufacture, to delivery to online sales.
Created concept mock-ups and banners for web and mobile applications.
Created all communications collateral, including web pages, brochures and fliers.
Prioritized graphic workload and effectively coordinated multiple projects.
Supported production of various projects under tight time constraints..
Produced product and packaging for domestic and international markets.
Meticulously followed corporate brand guidelines to enable brand consistency across campaigns and marketing programs.
January 2005
 
to 
October 2013
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Food and Beverage
Part-time in Food and Beverage business for 7 years.
Very busy tourist hotel.In this business a person most be very organized, personable and energetic..
January 1990
 
to 
April 1995
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Graphic Designer
Designed souvenir mugs and t-shirts for large scale tourism distribution. Clients included Sea World and Busch Gardens. Harrah's, Stratosphere,
MGM Grand, and numerous other Las Vegas attractions.
July 1984
 
to 
June 1987
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Graphic Designer
Licensed Disney t-shirts. Designed for T-shirt company who supplied Universal Studios and many tourist attractions in Southern California and
beyond with Disney themed t-shirts, from cartoon characters such as Mickey Mouse to Betty Boop and numerous others popular then.
Education
1985
Colorado Institute of Art
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
 
Advertising Design
 
Associate of Arts
Fine Art coursework
Sculpture course
Advertising seminars
Computer and Art Design courses
Public Relations seminar
Studio Art courses
Visual Communication course
Graphic Design for Print Media focus
Ventura College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
 
Illustration & Cartooning
Studied with Chris Martinez, noted Illustrator, Caricaturist.
Northwest College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
 
History, Music, Education
Online Adult education, not degree focused.
Ventura College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
 
Computer Science
Learned basic computer language and use of PC/Mac. Learned Photoshop and Microsoft Word.
Personal Information
Born Billings, Montana, Feb 8, 1961.
Both parents fine artists, family of 5 siblings.
American, caucasian
Excellent health
No children, only animals
Long term relationship
Live out in the country on 35 acre farm
Valid id and US passport
Registered voter in WyomingMy interests:
When I am not working on the computer,
I am painting pet portraits, painting furniture,
creating clay and wood sculpture.
I find everything an opportunity to be solve problems, and am always coming up with creative solutions.
Love gardening and growing things, healthful creative cooking
Love cats, horses, and my dog
Love the ocean and warm climate
Skills
Am proficient with graphics programs such as Adobe Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator plus word programs such as Microsoft Word and Excel.
Highly skilled at product development from the envisioning, 
researching, making visual, and creating actual product.
Working with other's ideas, and especially enjoy creating my own ideas into visuals.
Have great organizational skills needed for freelance self employment
Additional Information
Professional Associations
Indimension, Inc., Asheville, NC
Park County School District, Cody, WY
Park County Arts Council, Cody, WY
Cody Country Art League, Cody, WY
Wildwood Furniture, Cody, WY
Gold Coast Marketing, Ventura, CA
Fine Art Collectors:
Jerry Russell & Gretchen Stark, Wapiti, WY
Jeri Gillett, Belfry, MT
Ty & Jamie Barhaug, Powell, WY
Dorothea Hartley, Oakview, CA