MERCHANDISER, SALES
Summary
[Job Title] equipped with the excellent negotiation skills, market insight and business acumen necessary to guide struggling and newly-formed
companies to financial success.
Highlights
â​– Organizational skills â​– Marketing, Lead Generation â​–
Strategic & Consultative Selling â​– Interpersonal and
Collaboration skills â​– B to B sales â​–
Customer Retention â​– Account Management â​–
Developing/Expanding Territories â​– C-Level & Technical
Presentations â​– Project management Excellent sales techniques
Accomplishments
A member since 1996, elected to Executive Board 2009. Took time off to help with the earthquake relief. Organize fundraisers and
benefits. Manage and recruit volunteers. Made contacts with significant contributors and corporate relations. Organized to ship containers of
medical supplies, food, water and clothes to Haiti
Achieved high honors from Elavon's VP of Sales. Conducted training for North Eastern team on Cold Calling techniques
Awarded for the best "Pend Percentage" for October in North East Region
Managed "Major Accounts" worth more than $50k in four territories. Reviewed and grew account base by 18% to surpass given
objectives. Interviewed and observed potential candidates for employment, mentored new hires. Established new clients to grow profitable
territories and meet set objectives, 12 per quarter. Provided clients with a profitable marketing strategy in both print advertisement and
internet marketing. Continuously maintained and established solid relationships with clients. Met publication and internet deadlines; achieved
100% of sales quotas. Elected Captain and Speaker of Yorktown/Peekskill county team
Presidential Achievement Award. Ranked 6th (must be in top 10 % of region)
Experience
Merchandiser, Sales
 
05/2013
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Southern Wine & Spirits is a family owned sales and distribution
organization with a renowned history of consistently delivering impeccable service through our 14,000 employees, covering 35 states. Build
relationships with store owners. Strategically place merchandising and marketing materials in stores. Discuss and plan future opportunities for
merchandising with management team. Point of contact for sales reps; assisting them in the field. Help sales reps sell their product into stores by
booking high-end merchandising materials and locations. Organize warehouse and pallets. Distribute POS, samples, bar kits and racks to
appropriate divisions. Build relationship with store owners. Discuss marketing materials with store owners. Notable Accomplishments âž¢ Built
strong relationships with key accounts âž¢ Responsible for opening and closing storage unit. âž¢ Implemented an organized system for distributing
samples âž¢ Booked strategic platform and window displays
ACCOUNT MANAGER
 
01/2009
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Forgotten Children of Haiti, established in 1993, is a non-profit
organization supporting a pediatric hospital, orphanage and a school. A member since 1996, elected to Executive Board 2009. Took time off to
help with the earthquake relief. Organize fundraisers and benefits. Manage and recruit volunteers. Made contacts with significant contributors and
corporate relations. Organized to ship containers of medical supplies, food, water and clothes to Haiti. Notable Accomplishments: âž¢ Increase
donations to $50,000 in 7 months âž¢ Spokesman at events, 300+ people. Press Interviews. âž¢ Shipped 3 containers of medical supplies, food
and water. LA Fitness has over 600 locations and is expanding in New York. It is one of the largest fitness chains in the country offering more
amenities than any of its competitors. Established LA Fitness's new club in Yonkers by marketing to business and individuals. Grew the club
volume from 0 to over 500 members in 3 months. Promoted to management which included responsibilities in the following areas: reporting club
numbers, meeting with club developers, creating marketing strategies, leading sales meetings, one-on-one trainings. Notable Accomplishments âž¢
# 1 commissions in the country for 8 pay periods July - November (avg comm.$3,800) âž¢ Top 5 commissions in the country from June - January
(avg. comm.. $2,800) âž¢ Top Sales Counselor June - February, Top closing percentage. (83%) âž¢ Rep of the month July to January Top in
Sales for all months. Hebrew Hospital Home Continuum of Care is a non-profit, non-sectarian health care organization. It is a comprehensive
health care system whose mission is to rehabilitate patients by providing the highest standards of care and individualized treatment. Responsible for
expanding the Queens County Territory to a valuable referral source of over 200 accounts. Contracting Doctors and Medical Offices to partner
with "HHH Home Health Network". Organize and perform sales presentations to Medical groups and Doctors. Prospect and develop
relationships to maintain steady referral sources with Doctors and Office Managers through Cold Calls, Networking, and Sales Events. Coordinate
Sales Events in collaboration with Sales Representatives. Notable Accomplishments âž¢ Exceeded 3 month goal of 30 accounts with over 200
accounts. âž¢ Developed Queens Territory; distributed Accounts to new Account Managers. âž¢ Generated 30 referrals in first quarter, #1 in
referrals for the quarter. âž¢ Met 100% of Account penetration goals consistently, top for the territory.
ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE
 
08/2008
 
to 
09/2010
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
US Banks partnered with Elavon in 2004. Elavon manages more
than 1 million merchants, from small retail merchants to the largest organizations in segments such as hospitality, health care, and the public sector,
delivering reliable and secure payment solutions to help businesses succeed. Achieved high honors from Elavon's VP of Sales. Conducted training
for North Eastern team on Cold Calling techniques. A leader among peers achieved and surpassed sales quotas & goals; won contests and
recognition. Managed five counties totaling 30 banks. Established new clients and maintained strong relationships with Bank Regional President,
Managers and staff. Organized and performed presentations to bank personnel during "Area meetings". Notable Accomplishments: âž¢ Ranked
No. 3 among peers "Stack Ranking for 2009" in East Region âž¢ Top Rep in the month of February (most activations 68) âž¢ No. 1 "Monthly
Fees" for May in North East Region âž¢ No. 2 "Bundles Contest" for January in North East Region âž¢ Awarded for the best "Pend Percentage"
for October in North East Region
ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE
 
09/2005
 
to 
08/2008
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Yellowbook is the largest independent publishers of yellow pages
nationwide. It offers multi-channel marketing solutions tailored to meet the specific needs of clients and the audience they target. Its brand is built
on service and integrity with an end goal of delivering the most complete and relevant local business information to consumers. Managed "MajorAccounts" worth more than $50k in four territories. Reviewed and grew account base by 18% to surpass given objectives. Interviewed and
observed potential candidates for employment, mentored new hires. Established new clients to grow profitable territories and meet set objectives,
12 per quarter. Provided clients with a profitable marketing strategy in both print advertisement and internet marketing. Continuously maintained
and established solid relationships with clients. Met publication and internet deadlines; achieved 100% of sales quotas. Elected Captain and
Speaker of Yorktown/Peekskill county team. Notable Accomplishments: âž¢ Presidential Achievement Award. Ranked 6th (must be in top 10 %
of region) âž¢ No. 2 "Net Gain" 2007 (achieving over 100% of quota) âž¢ Two time "Rep of the Month" (September 2007, February 2006) âž¢
Ranked 25th of approximately 200 reps in region, for new business. (53 sales totaling $105k). âž¢ Significantly surpassed overall sales quota,
three years in a row. "Quota Buster" (2006, 2007, 2008) âž¢ Promoted within 11 months of hire.
Education
Bachelors of Arts
 
: 
basketball leagues, skiing and exercise programs
 
Marist College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
 
Marist College, Poughkeepsie, NY
Bachelors of Arts ~ COMPETITIVE ACHIEVEMENTS ~ A sports guru and competitor actively involved in basketball leagues, skiing and
exercise programs. As a member of the Marist Ski Team competed against schools in Slalom and Giant Slalom events. As well as player on the
Marist Rugby Team competed against teams in its region. Competed on the NCC Speech and Debate Team. Traveled to Portland, Oregon,
placed NCC in 3rd place nationwide at the Phi-Ro-Pi National Championships and won multiple awards: âž¢ Dramatic Interpretation, Bronze of
88 competitors. âž¢ Parliamentary Debate, Bronze of 114 teams âž¢ Debate Team, Overall Bronze of 109 schools
Languages
French/Spanish
Professional Affiliations
FUNDRAISER AND EVENTS COORDINATOR, EXECUTIVE
Presentations
C-Level & Technical Presentations
Skills
Sales, Benefits, Increase, Pediatric, Marketing, Account Executive, Clients, Of Sales, Sales Quotas, Solutions, Its, Closing, Award, Channel
Marketing, Internet Marketing, Major Accounts, Marketing Strategy, New Hires, Overall Sales, Quota, Sales Quota, Yellow Pages, Cold
Calling, Million, Retail, Retail Marketing, Training, And Marketing, For Sales, Key Accounts, Merchandising, Owned Sales, Point Of Sale, Pos,
Sales And, Sales Reps, Account Manager, Accounts To, Accounts With, And Sales, Coordinate Sales, Networking, New Account, Sales
Events, Sales Presentations, Sales Representatives, Territory, With Sales, In Sales, Sales For, Sales Meetings, Senior Sales, Top Sales, Account
Management, B To B, B2b, Lead Generation, Project Management