DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Executive Profile
My goal is to use my unique collection of expertise, experience, and skills gained from my seventeen years as a construction business development
and marketing representative, five years managing a sales force, six years helping my father run his historic home remodeling business, and my
college education to reach my full potential as an account executive by helping Visio Financial Services achieve steady, long-term, sustainable
growth by building productive relationships with customers, co-workers, company leadership, and other stakeholders.
Core Accomplishments
Sales and Marketing
Increased income 112% in 12 months in Austin
Increased market share from 20% to 70% in downtown Atlanta construction market in 12 months
Designed and executed branding plan to change the image of the organization, resulting in significant market share increase in each of 23
major U.S. cities
Investigated markets and target customer issues to create messaging strategy
Market Research
Defined industry segments and identified opportunities in 23 major U.S. cities
Discovered new opportunities in mature markets and developed and led the implementation of
plans to capture significant market share
Account Management
Managed various sized accounts and grew business by providing superb customer service
Successfully grew account sizes in 23 major U.S. markets
Trained local staff to continue the example of growing accounts through excellent client service
Professional Experience
Director of Business Development
 
04/2005
 
to 
04/2015
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Washington, DC I was called upon to develop and implement growth initiatives in the most difficult scenarios. Whether in low market share
environments or during construction recessions or a combination of both, I significantly increased market share in any city to which I was assigned.
Through my leadership and supervision, I expanded our market share in Miami, Knoxville, Minneapolis, Dallas, Austin, San Antonio, Tulsa, Los
Angeles, Phoenix, Orlando, Denver, Tucson, Houston, New Orleans, Biloxi, New York City, Indianapolis, Birmingham, Nashville, Chattanooga,
Sacramento, Modesto, and Fresno.
Following is a partial list of noteworthy accomplishments from those assignments:
Miami
 
- I developed relationships with building owners in downtown Miami and leveraged those relationships into a group meeting of 17
building owners representing 38 buildings. I delivered a PowerPoint presentation which led to the owners to insist that their building
managers give us priority budding status on every project. This one action resulted in substantial growth for my organization.
Minneapolis
 
- Redesigned the business development program to focus on building relationships with end-users. As a result, the end-users
would insist on using us on their projects. Using this approach, I was able to build enough relationships in the construction industry to
experience significant growth, even during a downturn in the construction market.
Austin
 
- I took over the business development program of a unit which had steadily declined its market share. After investigating untapped
opportunities, I launched an initiative to pursue a new market. The careful execution of my plan resulted in more than a doubling of business
in under 12 months. The relationships built with general contractors and end-users led to expanding our market share into San Antonio,
Waco, and Dallas.
Denver
 
- When I arrived in Denver, out of a list of 200 clients, only 8 were attending monthly informational and sales meetings. I
repositioned the agenda away from a "pitchy, preachy" sales presentation to an informational, educational, and interactive format. Within
three months, attendance at those meetings grew from 8 to over 90 attendees.
Director of Business Development/Political Relations Director
 
01/1998
 
to 
01/2005
 
Company Name
 
North Carlolina, South Carolina, Georgia
After only three months as a field representative in Augusta, Georgia, I was promoted to Director of Business Development covering North
Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia. Shortly afterwards, I was also named the political director for the three states. During my tenure, I focused
primarily on growing market share in Atlanta and Charlotte, leveraging client, political, and end-user relationships to grow market share by 90% in
the three states, with growth over 100% in Atlanta alone. Following is a partial list of highlights from those assignments: I attended and addressed
shareholder meetings of public companies in Atlanta and built personal relationships with CEO's and Directors from Suntrust Banks, Coca-Cola,
Georgia Pacific, Genuine Parts (NAPA), Cousins Properties, Rollins (Orkin Pest Control), Equifax, Synovus Banks, and Georgia Power.
Leveraged those relationships to secure work at projects for these companies and gained introductions to the executives of other end-users to
provide even more bid opportunities. As Political Director, I endorsed and led labor and community groups to support the election of Shirley
Franklin for Mayor of Atlanta, making Franklin the first female Mayor of Atlanta and the first African-American female mayor of any major city in
the South. I also endorsed and served as labor liaison to Judge Denise Majette and used my contacts and influence to help her unseat Atlanta
political powerhouse and multi-term United States Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney.Â  Additionally, I endorsed and assisted the successful
campaigns of the first Hispanic elected to the Georgia State Senate and the first Hispanic elected to the Georgia House of Representatives.
Business Manager/Account Executive
 
01/1995
 
to 
01/1998
 
Company Name
 
State
 
I served as an apprentice under my father until I graduated high
school, and a house we rebuilt on Tradd Street in Charleston, South Carolina, was voted house of the decade in the 1980's by the Preservation
Society of Charleston. During and after college, I developed my love for and honed my skills in sales and management while running localFirestone Automotive and Tire Stores and later, business-to-business direct cold-call sales for Transworld Systems, an accounts receivables
solutions company.
Education
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
English
 
1991
 
Charleston Southern University
 
City
 
, 
State
Completed degree in English taking 15-18 hours per semester and working a full time job 
throughout my college career.
Served as Sports Editor/Reporter for 
The Buc 'N Print
 , the university's student operated weekly 
newspaper.
Executive Communication
 
2014
 
Dale Carnegie University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
 
How to Communicate with Diplomacy and Tact
 - Emphasis on
building relationships and conflict resolution.
10 Day Spanish Immersion
 
2005
 
Dartmouth University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
I successfully completed the 10-day Spanish language learning course conducted by the Rassias Foundation through Dartmouth University.
Skills
Business Development, Superb Customer Service, Cold Calling,Â Relationship Building, Marketing, Market Research, Various CRM software
products including Salesforce, Salespoint, ZOHO, and Outlook,Â DevelopingÂ Marketing Materials, Complaint Resolution, Business-to-
business, Cabinets, Sales, Directing Large Teams, Motivating Team Members, Identifying and Capturing New Markets, Public Speaking, Problem
Solving, Critical Thinking, Leadership,Â Performance Analysis, and Budget Development and Forecasting