CONSULTANT
Career Overview
Experienced self-starter who is highly customer service-oriented, organized and possesses strong time management skills. Qualified Customer
Service Rep with 13 years in a detail-oriented customer service and call center environments; offering a record of successful job performance
through problem solving and experience developing and implementing innovative solutions.
Core Strengths
Seasoned in conflict resolution
Telephone inquiries specialist
Active listening skills
System checks and troubleshooting
Resourceful
PC expert 
Windows XP/Vista
Service solutions expert
Exceptional telephone etiquette
Patient and diligent
Vast technical knowledge
Deadline-oriented
Accomplishments
Customer Assistance
 Â 
Worked with company systems such as Live Support and diligently completed all assigned tasks, working overtime as needed.
Customer Service
 Â 
Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.
Customer Interface
 Â 
Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.
Assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations, product, promotions and orders.
Work Experience
Consultant
 
07/2013
 
to 
08/2015
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Accounting Skills Operated computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze information.
Formally recognized for excellence achieved in financial analysis, budgeting and forecasting when ordering products.
Sales Consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques.
Product Sales Cross-sold services at a rate of 30%, upgrading customers to different products and product packages.
Market Research Interviewed clients via market research surveys to identify product issues and customer needs.
Customer Interface Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.
Assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations, product, promotions and orders.
Rental Agent
 
09/2014
 
to 
07/2015
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Participated in various incentive programs and contests designed to support achievement of production goals.Opened and assigned new client
accounts.Researched and resolved billing and invoice problems.Responsible for implementing all business-building and relationship-building
expectations with uniquely assigned accounts and customers.
Cashier
 
11/2009
 
to 
07/2014
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Prevented store losses using awareness, attention to detail and integrity.
Trained 37 new employees quarterly.
Developed highly empathetic client relationships and earned reputation for exceeding sales goals.
Achieved high sales percentage with consultative, value-focused customer service approach.
Cross-trained and provided back-up for other customer service representatives when needed.
Computed accurate sales prices for purchase transactions.
Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and cleaning.
Expressed appreciation and invited customers to return to the store.
Managed quality communication, customer support and product representation for each customer.
Worked under strict deadlines and responded to service requests and emergency call-outs.
Promptly responded to general inquiries from members, staff, and customers via mail, e-mail and fax.
Assisted customers with store and product complaints.
Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer complaints.
Maintained adequate cash supply in cash drawers in multiple checkout stations.
Responsible for ringing up customers in a timely manner and guaranteeing high level of customer service.
Recommended, selected and helped locate merchandise based on customer needs and desires.
Regularly sought opportunities to up sell and add on additional merchandise.Performed store opening duties, including counting cash drawers and checking all equipment for proper functioning.
Organized the store by returning all merchandise to its proper place.
Generated leads for new sales through telephone and email contact with customers.
Customer Service Representative
 
04/2005
 
to 
01/2009
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Resolved customer complaints and concerns with strong verbal and negotiation skills.
Displayed courtesy and strong interpersonal skills with all customer interactions.
Built and maintained successful relationships with service providers, dealers and consumers.
Maintained composure and patience in face of difficult customer situations.
Support customers with online billing and account issues.
Informed customers about issue resolution progress.
Supported customers having data connectivity issues.
Provided thorough support and problem resolution for customers.
Troubleshooter and resolved web application issues escalated from customer support and other departments with a 100% success rate.
Improved reliability of supply chain software, systems, database and order processing.
Expert in using Windows software and Microsoft, Power point, outlook, computer savvy, Fielded an average of 48000 customer service
calls per day.
Over 9 years of high call volume call center experience.
13 years customer service experience.
Accounts receivable, helping customer to work through their accounts and explain a detail bill.
Recruiter
 
11/2004
 
to 
09/2005
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Analyzed employment-related data and prepared required reports.
Conducted reference and background checks on all job applicants.
Developed creative recruiting strategies that met anticipated staffing needs.
Communicated the duties, compensation, benefits and working conditions to all potential candidates.
Assisted management with presentations for business reviews and communications meetings.
Employed multiple feedback mechanisms and analysis to continuously improve the recruiting process.
Built social networks to find qualified candidates.
Organized all monthly and quarterly reviews for all associates.
Verified that information in the computer system was up-to-date and accurate.
Eliminated outdated records by sending the records to be scanned.
Compiled statistical information for special reports.
Created monthly reports for records, closed terminated records and completed chart audits.
Organized billing and invoice data and prepared accounts receivable and expected revenue reports for controllers.
Verified and logged in deadlines for responding to daily inquiries.
Developed and created a more effective filing system to accelerate paperwork processing.
Successfully established effective systems for record retention by creating database for daily correspondence tracking.
Administrative Assistant
 
11/2003
 
to 
04/2004
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Drafted meeting agendas, supplied advance materials and executed follow-up for meetings and team conferences.
Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.
Designed electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files.
Served as central point of contact for all outside vendors needing to gain access to the building.
Planned meetings and prepared conference rooms.
Wrote reports and correspondence from dictation and handwritten notes.
Maintained an up-to-date department organizational chart.
Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office.
Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.
Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents.
Received and distributed faxes and mail in a timely manner.
Created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced Excel functions and calculations to develop reports and lists.
Updated confidential employee banking information with accuracy and speed.
Maintained accounts receivable documentation electronically and on paper.
Processed bank reconciliations and financial reports to verify practice of proper due diligence.
Handled cash and deposits using the proper accounting procedures and documentation..
Researched and resolved collections and billing disputes with tact and efficiency.
Educational Background
Bachelor's Degree
 
: 
Human Resources
 
October 2017
 
University of Phoenix
 
City
 
, 
State
Human Resources
Top 3% of class highest GPA.3
 .86 GPA
International Scholar Laureate Scholar
SHRM Atlanta Chapter
Business Analysis coursework Minor in Business, Member of Society of Human Resource Management
 
: 
Business, Marketing and
Communications Business Administration and Organizational Development Finance and Business Development
 
Danville Community College
 
City
 
,
State
 
, 
United States
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.86
GPA: 3.86 Business, Marketing and Communications Business Administration and Organizational Development Finance and Business
Development
Professional Affiliations
Society of Human Resource Management
International Scholar Laureate Scholar
The National Society of Collegiate Scholars
Mary Kay Consultant
Skills
Advanced mathematical aptitude, Superior communication skills, Cheerful and energetic, Resolution-oriented, Dependable and reliable, Savvy
negotiator, Exceptional multi- tasker,Personnel training and development, Excellent interpersonal and coaching skills, 
Calm under pressure,
Complex problem solving, 
Customer relations, Excellent quantitative skills, Critical thinker, 
System checks and troubleshooting, 
Hardware support
and troubleshooting, Mac and PC expert, Resourceful,People-oriented, Excellent time management skills,Collaborative,