PATIENT SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE
Summary
Seeking a position using strong organizational skills, superb communication skills and interest in management position with the reputed organization
that rewards loyalty, hard work, dependability and positive results in the team environment.
Skills
Maintains strict confidentiality
Knowledge of HMOs, Medicare and Medi-Cal
Medical Manager Software
Electronic Medical Record (EMR) software
HIPAA compliance
Patient-focused care
Strong work ethic
Team player with positive attitude
Proven patience and self-discipline
Personal and professional integrity
Relationship and team building
Staff training and development
Effectively influences others
Critical thinking proficiency
Cultural awareness and sensitivity
Experience
Patient Service Representative
 
03/2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Trained 
new hires andÂ 
 Â in-house staff members in evaluation, data collection, analysis and reporting strategies. 
Oversaw data queries and made sure that they were rectified in the most efficient manner. 
Answered phone calls, emails, letters and faxes and efficiently provided accurate information and responses. 
Guided and handled 16 -employees including assistants; HR assistant (hiring of employees and assisting in 
appraisals for performance and
corrective action) responsible for arrangement, resolving employee discrepancies .
Ability to handle high volume of inbound and outbound calls, and concluded the nature of calls.As well as assisted callers to the proper
Physician.
Successfully organized appointments between Physicians and Patients, responsible for typing reports, memos and other correspondence as
well as established accuracy, consistent, detail-oriented and capacity to carry higher responsibility.
Proficient in Windows, Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, ect.
Efficient in registration of patients, 
verifying patient Demographics , entering data and verifying patients insurance, scheduling patients via
IDX, scan patient documents.
Sending messages to pediatric, adult, and specialty physicians in Clinicare.
Paging Physicians through Perfect Serve.
Knowledge of Medical Terminology and Health Care related Training.
Capable of managing multiple tasks with an emphasis on retaining quality standards.
Ability to quickly assess and prioritize projects and office tasks.
Proficient at evaluating problems and quickly devising practical solutions.
Handle cash, receipts ,and tracked cash withdrawals.
Human Resource Assistant, Supervisor/Call cneter Supervisor
 
12/2011
 
to 
03/2015
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Properly directed inbound calls in phone queues to improve call flow. 
Facilitated information flow between customer service, account management operations, quality assurance, training and payroll departments to
guarantee call center objectives were met. 
Led a team of customer service representatives to increase service center profitability. 
Assisted with the development of the call center's operations, quality and training processes. 
Selected and interviewed candidates for all available positions. 
Conducted telephone and onsite exit interviews for all employees. 
Worked closely with HR business partners to facilitate year-end talent reviews and articulate team strengths. 
Helped training and development staff with all aspects of training coordination. 
 
 
 Assisted customer service with inbound and outbound calls regarding all HR inquiries. 
 
 
 Created social media initiatives for new employee search strategies. 
 
 
 Drafted department-specific employee announcements. 
 
 
 Partnered with the IT department to create a streamlined onboarding process for new hires. 
 
 
 
Salon Manager/ Receptionist
 
01/1999
 
to 
01/2011
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Created repeat business by developing long-term relationships with regular customers. 
Enforced safety procedures in accordance with facility policies and government regulations. 
Accountable for all staff development, budgeting and supply ordering. 
Worked closely with Salon teamÂ Â to produce 
repeat clientel
 .
Re-designed 
every business form, containing time & inventory sheets and 
appointment calendars to increase clarity and effectiveness. Increased
product sales by 53% within first quarters as Salon Manager.
Developed productivity of management by arranging bi-monthly meetings to talk about accomplishments, matters and room for enhancement
 
Resolved guest complaints. 
Customer Service Sales Associate
 
01/1996
 
to 
01/1999
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Fielded an average of 150Â customer service calls per day.
 
 
 Recommended and helped customers select merchandise based on their needs. 
  
 Exchanged returned merchandise for customers quickly and efficiently. 
 
 
 
 
Confirmed that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems. 
Exercises sound judgment in issuing credits and making exceptions to customer policies to maintain high levels of customer satisfaction. 
Extended customer subscriptions, offering discounts and promotions to ensure high customer retention rates. 
Informed customers about sales and promotions in a friendly and engaging manner. 
Managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiently. 
Trained new employees on company customer service policies and service level standards.
Education and Training
Bachelors of Arts
 
2011
 
Harrington College of Design
Skills
Patient-focused care
Excellent interpersonal skills
Compassionate and trustworthy caregiver
Time management
Detail-oriented
Effectively interacts with patients and families.
Medical terminology
Charting and record keeping 