BARTENDER (ON CALL)
Summary
Hardworking and reliable Fitness Specialist with strong ability in multitasking. Offering Basics, monitoring and providing positive energy. Highly
organized, proactive and punctual with team-oriented mentality. Enthusiastic individual with superior skills in working in both team-based and
independent capacities. Bringing strong work ethic and excellent organizational skills to any setting. Excited to begin new challenge with successful
team. Energetic group fitness instructor with strong background in HIIT, Basic Fundamentals and Zumba instruction. Highly motivated to help
others reach health and fitness goals. Inspiring Fitness Trainer with sound BMI knowledge and comprehensive experience performing fitness
assessments. Friendly and energetic with ability to network and counsel clients on health and fitness goals.
Skills
Phone call answering
Physically strong
Communication and presentation
Observation
Answering inbound calls
HIPAA and confidentiality
Client coordination
Personalized service
Monitoring progress
Patient relationships
Current fitness trends
Designing exercise programs
Fitness assessments
Exercise equipment operation
Safety-conscious
Planning and coordination
Organization
Relationship development
Customer service
First Aid/CPR
Team building
Problem resolution
Project organization
Experience
Bartender (On Call)
 
/ 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
08/2019
 
- 
Current
Checked identification of customers to verify age requirements needed for purchase of alcohol.
Confirmed customers' ages for alcohol service and discontinued service to intoxicated guests.
Operated cash register and Point of Sale (POS) system for transactions and made proper change for cash transactions.
Prepared over numerous mixed drinks and poured wine, beer and nonalcoholic beverages for average of two per patron per shift.
Managed bar area, including cocktail design and menu, inventory, regulation compliance and customer relationships.
Engaged in small talk with patrons to build rapport and earn repeat business.
Kept close track of bar tabs and transferred open tabs to dining area seamlessly, smoothing process for wait staff.
Restocked beer and liquor on regular schedule and after special events to prepare for forecasted needs.
Stayed up-to-date on latest in mixology trends, bar equipment and sanitation standards.
Stocked bar with beer, wine, liquor and related supplies.
Promoted customer safety by maintaining current list of available ride services for inebriated customers.
Monitored patrons to keep alcohol consumption in designated areas.
Advertised, marketed and recommended drink options to guests to increase guest satisfaction.
Upsold customers from shelf to premium brands to help boost sales.
Fitness Specialist
 
/ 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
01/2016
 
- 
Current
Communicated with patrons in fitness floor area to build positive atmosphere and offer exercise and equipment instructions.
Greeted and assisted guests entering facility to provide general information and answer questions.
Monitored fitness floor and observed equipment use to address safety concerns.
Promoted business and physical fitness by attending off-site promotional and community events.
Attended staff meetings and training sessions to maintain updated knowledge of policies and procedures.
Inspected equipment daily to identify and report wear, damage or malfunctions.
Led tours of fitness facility by guiding interested individuals, providing information and highlighting benefits of amenities.
Devised new programs and monitored client progress.
Developed and delivered at three weekly fitness classes.
Encouraged clients to engage in group fitness classes and other gym activities to meet fitness goals.
Administered various fitness assessments to measure client progress.
Re-racked weights and maintained neat, organized and clean club.
Guided clients in safe exercise, taking into account individualized physical limitations.
Watched clients during exercises and assisted with exercises.
Developed routines to avoid injuries, maximize effort and facilitate client attainment of personal fitness goals.
Server/Bartender
 
/ 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
06/2011
 
- 
07/2015
Operated POS terminals to input orders, split bills and calculate totals.
Educated guests on daily specials and menu offerings such as appetizers, entrees and desserts.
Satisfied customers by keeping drinks topped off and anticipating needs such as condiments and extra napkins.
Restocked nonperishables and other items, including condiments and napkins from inventory to keep pantry well-supplied.Checked patrons' identification to monitor minimum age requirements for consumption of alcoholic beverages.
Greeted customers, assisted with questions and made recommendations concerning daily specials, wine selections and desserts to guide
patrons toward more profitable items.
Promoted desserts, appetizers and specialty drinks.
Assisted individuals in selecting meal options, including entrees and desserts and recommended alternative items for those with food allergies
and gluten intolerances.
Completed opening and closing checklists by emptying trash, safeguarding alcohol and polishing silverware.
Cleaned dining area between guests with efficient sweeping, glass washing and spill removal.
Partnered with team members to efficiently serve food and beverages.
Managed closing duties, including restocking items and reconciling cash drawer.
Addressed concerns or complaints quickly to improve service and escalated more advanced issues to management for resolution.
Reviewed identification for patrons before serving alcoholic drinks.
Checked on guests to verify satisfaction with meals and suggested additional items to increase restaurant sales.
Minimized customer wait times by efficiently taking and filling large volume of orders each day.
Calculated charges, issued table checks and collected payments from customers.
Requested photo identification from patrons ordering alcoholic beverages to verify legal age of consumption.
Attended to new customers quickly to inquire about drinks and start off dining experience with prompt beverage service.
Processed customers' payments and provided receipts.
Carefully transferred orders from kitchen and bar areas to tables and cleared plates as patrons finished food and beverage items.
Applied safe food handling and optimal cleaning strategies to protect customers from foodborne illness and maintain proper sanitation.
Maintained polite and professional demeanor to patrons to encourage inquiries and order placements.
Prepared both alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages as specified by patrons, consistently delivering to tables or bar without spillage.
Welcomed guests with personable attitude and smile, offering to bring beverage orders while reviewing menu options.
Greeted newly seated guests quickly and efficiently.
Explained menu options to guests, offered suggestions and took orders for food and beverages.
Maintained knowledge of current menu items, garnishes, ingredients and preparation methods.
Communicated effectively with patrons to establish preferences and dietary restrictions and make food and beverage recommendations.
Checked with guests to get feedback on food served, resolve issues, bring additional items and refill beverages.
Education and Training
Parker High School 
- 
City
 
05/2005
 
High School Diploma
Arizona Western College
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
Some College (No Degree)
Accomplishments
NAFC (Native American Fitness Certification):
Functional Exercise Trainer
Personal Trainer
Youth Trainer
Zumba Certified
Strong by Zumba Certified
Zumba Personal Dance Instructor
Vertimax Certified
Personal Trainer
ACCU-Check Aviva Blood Glucose Meter System Certified
CPR & First Aid Certified
Certifications
NAFC (Native American Fitness Certification):
Functional Exercise Trainer
Personal Trainer
Youth Trainer
Zumba Certified
Strong by Zumba Certified
Zumba Personal Dance Instructor
Vertimax CertifiedPersonal Trainer
ACCU-Check Aviva Blood Glucose Meter System CertifiedCPR & First Aid Certified