IT COMPLIANCE AUDITOR
Career Overview
I offer 15 years' experience in various areas of the Information Technology Field. Including five years experience installing, configuring, and
troubleshooting computer software and hardware problems. Five years of experience managing software licenses/compliance, coordinating
purchases of major projects and volume license contract negotiations. 
Five years of experience as an IT Compliance Auditor in which I executed
PCI\SOX Audits and provided corporate governance.
Qualifications
Certified Software Manager (CSM) (SIIA)
Certified Information Security Auditor
ISACA, License 1191038 Current
MCP-Windows 2000 MCP ID 2797345
2000 Server Administration
Network Infrastructure
AFFILIATIONS
Information Systems Audit and Control Association (ISACA)
Software Information Industry Association (SIIA)
Work Experience
IT Compliance Auditor
 
01/2010
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Provide value-added control assurance/governance as it relates to security, e-commerce and industry compliance requirements and
controls.
Liaise with Information Technology and Operations areas to proactively assess security policy compliance and monitor risk Coordinate
external/3rd party auditors, including PCI DSS, SAS 70, Record Retention, and Business Process Improvement reviews Manage internal
IT audit engagements including: system platform audits, PCI Compliance Readiness reviews, IT Risk Assessments, change management,
and business process control assurance Manage security control assessments of Payment Systems for merchant boarding and settlement of
funds.
Coordinate and perform compliance audits in accordance to the information protection, data asset and threat provisions under the
Sarbanes-Oxley Acts.
Coordinate with Incident Response teams for post-event diagnosis, investigation and documentation.
Evaluate information protection governance framework against ITIL, FFIEC, and COBIT best practices.
Provide effective project(audit) guidance and leadership to team members and management as it relates to data security and industry
compliance Assisted to implement policies on information asset protection, operating system platform security, network security, and
acceptable computing resource use Coordinated with the business organizations to ensure the implementation of proper controls and
maximum security with a minimum impact to functionality or purpose Performed information security risk assessments and compliance audits
for information security processes regarding AS/400,AIX , Windows Evaluated AS/400 system security values, UNIX system security files,
RACF SETROPTS parameters, Windows user and workstation policy settings, firewall rule-set parameters, and router configuration files.
Evaluated network vulnerability, malware, and port uses Monitored compliance with the organization's information security policies and
procedures among employees, contractors, alliances, and other third parties.
Assisted in the creation of the roles and responsibilities matrix for SAP user profiles and authorities based on functional groupings Performed
the IT audit portion of the internal audit department Annual Plan.
Execute those audits, activities, projects, and special services to fulfill Annual Plan commitments.
Performed hands-on analysis of multi-platform and application security.
Ensure all IT policy and procedures are documented and updated according to regulatory standards, deadlines are met, approvals obtained,
guidelines followed, repository usage understood, and repository / system of record up-to-date as defined by the IT Governance program
Interfaces with internal and external requestors as an escalated point and reviews IT artifacts for completeness and satisfaction for the
delivery of quality services regarding important issues / priorities, and deadline-sensitive information.
MIS Technology & Procurement Analyst
 
06/2005
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Incorporated corporate wide procedure for ordering software so that every order is tied to a license, a purchase order and an install point.
Instituted stricter software installation procedures to help insure only licensed software is installed on a company computer.
Incorporated additional Software Media Control Retired obsolete workstations and software packages by implementing a PC Refresh
Program and 
Standardizing software titles.
Created a software inventory repository utilizing Microsoft's Share Point Responsible for managing all technology purchases and licensing
activities.
Centralized and streamlined the technology purchasing activities across JAG to improve speed, reduce costs, and ensure proper record
keeping of all fixed assets and software licensing.
Maintained License Compliance for our International and Domestic offices Created and enforced Security policies, Procurement policies
and Compliance policies Configured Triactive discovery tool, performed software metering and other tasks Negotiated million dollar
contracts with vendors such as IBM, Microsoft, McAfee, Symantec etc.
Lead contact on a Multi-Million dollar SIIA software Audit in which I saved the company 9.2 million dollars.PC\LAN Support Specialist
 
01/2000
 
to 
06/2005
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Configured and troubleshot Internet connectivity and network related issues via TCP/IP, DNS, WINS, DHCP, and SMTP on Windows
machines Trained new employees on how to install, configure, and troubleshoot customer equipment.
Familiar with trouble ticketing system (Magic) in support of tracking customer problems and corrections.
Serviced, configured, upgraded, and repaired Compaq and HP computer equipment.
Supported Office 97/2000/XP, Outlook 97/98/2000, Adobe Acrobat, Internet Explorer, IBM AS400 Client Access and other end user
"shrink wrap" applications along with many homegrown applications.
Instructed remote users on how to configure their machines for remote access use, and supported VPN for remote access.
Handled remote access issues such as connectivity, modem, and token authentication issues.
Familiar with HP Print Server Appliances and HP Jet Admin Created required Domain, Email and Novell user accounts KIX scripting Lead
tech on Novell migration to Windows servers Managed 
Moves/Adds/Changes of 
Customers and hardware Worked with Symantec Ghost
to perform larger roll outs and create a company-wide standard image Worked with Remote Control Software such as DameWare Utilities
and VNC Viewer.
Installed, configured and supported blackberry's Performed file restores and system backups using CA ArcServe.
Education and Training
Certificate of Completion -MSCE Prep Course
 
2003
 
New Wave Technology
Associate Degree
 
: 
Networking Technology
 
2003
 
Bucks County Community College
 
Networking Technology
Skills
Adobe Acrobat, AIX, ArcServe, AS/400, AS400, business process, Business Process Improvement, change management, Compaq, CA,
hardware, contracts, Client, delivery, DHCP, diagnosis, DNS, documentation, e-commerce, Email, firewall, fixed assets, functional, funds, Ghost,
HP, IBM, image, Information Security, Information Systems, Information Technology, Internet connectivity, Internet Explorer, inventory, ITIL,
KIX, leadership, Magic, managing, McAfee, Access, MCP, Office 97, Outlook 97, Windows, Windows 2000, 2000, 98, migration, modem,
network security, Network, Novell, operating system, PCI, policies, processes, Procurement, purchasing, quality, RACF, record keeping, router,
SAP, Sarbanes-Oxley, SAS, servers, scripting, SMTP, software installation, Symantec, TCP/IP, troubleshoot, UNIX system, Utilities, VPN