MARKET ANALYST PROMOTED TO ASSISTANT DIRECTOR OF BRAND STRATEGY
Professional Summary
Dear Cristina and team, The second I found out about this position, my I found myself extremely excited. I knew right away this is something I
have to be a part of, and something I'd deeply regret if I didn't try. I'm looking to really start my career and be involved with something I can grow
into and invest myself in long term. I see that in the Customer Marketing Coordinator position, and couldn't be more excited for this opportunity.
Before Zendesk, I was at a marketing company supporting the entire staff with demographic research for target market campaigns. I enjoyed the
marketing aspect and always thought I'd find myself back in it somehow. Now, I consider myself lucky to be a part of this amazing company, I've
put my best effort into everything given to me and I know Zendesk is the only place I want to be. I am responsible for coordinating every interview
within the San Francisco office, greeting all candidates onsite, and maintaining an organized status database. As well as my main responsibilities,
I've also managed our office expansion and filled in for administrative duties when needed. I had the pleasure of assisting in planning our Holiday
Party as well as other team activities. 
What I love most about Recruiting is how much personable interaction there is on a daily basis with different
backgrounds and different personalities. I've had the privilege of being trained to always have a poised and appropriate response to every situation,
and guidelines for the utmost professionalism with every phone screen, reference call, email, or in-person interview. I recently had the opportunity
to visit college campuses to promote Zendesk. I realized then how much I enjoy educating others and making them too, believe in what we do.
Now that I've found the perfect company, I'm ready for the perfect position that combines everything I love and excel in; planning, coordinating
and evangelizing. With my history in Marketing and my current role, I'm used to supporting an entire team and an entire company. I can manage
multiple projects at once, I'm highly dependable and extremely detailed. Zendesk has made me a more passionate professional and I would love
the opportunity to promote our vision for customer love. Best regards, 
Zendesk is looking for a Recruiting Program Associate who is ready to
wear multiple hats within Recruiting. 
The ideal Associate will be skilled in areas of project management, event planning, vendor and university
relations, budgeting, and training. 
This person will be the "glue" for the Recruiting's day-to-day operations. 
S/he will operate cross-functionally
across our global organization and with external vendors in order to ensure that we are hitting our hiring goals, all while keeping an eye on cost per
hire, and of course, candidate experience. Responsibilities: 
*Partner with the Recruiting Manager on efforts to drive talent acquisition results in a
period of high growth *Serve as the point of contact on headcount matters *Maintain relationships with external vendors and agencies *Promote
and manage employee referral program *Demonstrate subject matter expertise when it comes to our ATS and LinkedIn *Work with Human
Resources to manage immigration needs for new hires and existing staff *Coordinate job board postings *Manage and maintain ATS - run reports,
organize job descriptions, add/delete employee access, etc *Assist Recruiting Manager with tracking the department budget and ROI *Plan and
organize recruiting events such as college fairs, hackathons and meet-ups *Assist with reference calls, as needed *Manage new hire background
check process *Collaborate with Human Resources to ensure seamless candidate on-boarding *Educate new hires and hiring managers about our
Zendesk recruiting process *Create ad-hoc reports and presentations, as needed Required: *2+ years experience in a Human Resources,
Recruiting or Administrative role *1-2 years experience working with an ATS, Jobvite preferred *Basic understanding of the recruiting world - the
tools, processes and data that drive talent acquisition *Passion for driving a best-in-class candidate experience *Ability to maintain confidentiality
*Demonstrated success at developing relationships with stakeholders across the organization *Exceptional "can-do" and service-oriented attitude
*Strong written and verbal communication skills *Track record of successfully being able to manage multiple projects, with multiple deadlines, for
multiple owners *High attention to detail and organizational skills *Demonstrated integrity, maturity, professionalism, and sensitivity *Comfortable
with ambiguity *Bachelor's degree or related experience To be clear, Jamie is responsible for: Being the point of contact on headcount matters
(meaning, if you have a question as to whether a HM has a seat to open, or the timing of filling that seat according to Finance, please check with
Jamie first)
Core Qualifications
Pitney Bowes MapInfo including TargetPro and MapMarker - Predcitive Analytics Software, Geoscape - Market Intelligence Software, Nielsen
PrimeLocation --- Market Structure and Segmentation Software, Microsoft Office/Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Cision Media Services,
Workamajig, Jobvite, Zendesk.
Experience
10/2011
 
to 
Current
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Maintain our relationships with external agencies (if we need to approve a new agency contract, or if an agency isn't playing by the rules,
seek Jamie's help.
Jamie will work with Legal to get new contracts approved.) Manage and maintain Jobvite (recruiters are still responsible for drafting and
opening their reqs within Jobvite, but are to send the req to Jamie for approval.
Jamie will insure the integrity of our data in the ATS, will follow-up with recruiters should candidates be hanging without a disposition, and
will assist me with pulling reports for various metrics.
Jamie is also responsible for adding/deleting employees for Jobvite access.) Promote and manage our employee referral program (any
questions about whether or not an employee should be getting "credit", questions about the program or timing of payment, etc, should be
sent to Jamie.
Also, Jamie will be monitoring referrals closely so please do stick to our SLA of getting back to referrals within 2 business days of them
being submitted for consideration.
Jamie is now responsible for pointing out "stale" referrals that haven't been contacted by the recruiters.) Monitor our job board postings
(recruiters are still responsible for postings, but Jamie will monitor to insure that all our LI job slots are full, aren't stale, etc.
Please see Jamie if you have a new posting/ad that you'd like to place.
Collaborate with HR to ensure seamless candidate on-boarding (This means that Jamie will be in touch with you should HR inform us that
there are issues with a background check clearing.
She will also monitor the reference calls process to ensure that calls are being made and are documented within Jobvite.) 
In addition the
above, Jamie will also continue to assist me with presentations, event planning, tracking our budget, and educating new hires about our
recruiting processes.03/2009
 
to 
08/2011
MARKET ANALYST promoted to ASSISTANT DIRECTOR OF BRAND STRATEGY
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Data Visualization and Demographics Assistant to CEO and team of twenty.
Performed market analysis for Metro PCS and Comcast to develop mico--- marketing campaigns.
Used psycho---graphic anddemographic research to identify trends in consumer behavior and develop brand strategy.
Responsible for evaluating target market for clients and providing analysis for effective marketing strategies.
Performed research and built models for numerous micro---marketing campaigns nationwide.
Converted raw statistical data into useful and actionable information for clients.
07/2008
 
to 
12/2008
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for creating media lists for public outreach.
Facilitated and organized focus groups for numerous clients.
Compiled earned media portfolios for clients and organized product---based hit books.
Worked with members of the media on a daily basis.
05/2006
 
to 
05/2008
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Helped prepare stimulus materials for child to reach age---appropriate development implementing the Son---Rise Program of the Autism
Treatment Center of America.
Communicated case directly with Consulting Therapist and Parents.
Participated in all team clinics, training meetings and workshops to develop and maintain up to date therapeutic interventions.
Education
2008
Bachelor of Arts and Sciences
 
: 
Psychology Sociology and French Studies
 
UNIVERSITY OF PORTLAND
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
France
 
Psychology
Sociology and French Studies Dean's list
Personal Information
I hope that this clarifies Jamie's role, and the items that you should work with her directly on. 
Let me know if you have any questions about what
I've detailed above.
Skills
administrative, ad, agency, Autism, brand strategy, budget, Consulting, contracts, credit, clients, Data Visualization, drafting, event planning,
facilities management, focus, graphic, HR, Legal, MapInfo, market analysis, marketing strategies, marketing, Market, materials, meetings, access,
Excel, Microsoft Office, PowerPoint, Word, presentations, processes, recruiting, research, SLA, phone, therapeutic interventions, vision,
workshops
Additional Information
I hope that this clarifies Jamie's role, and the items that you should work with her directly on. 
Let me know if you have any questions about
what I've detailed above.