TEAM LEAD SENIOR ANALYST
Professional Summary
MBA in Business Management, Finance & M.S in Information technology Professional Summary: Overall 7+ years of experience in implementing
and supporting Information technology operations and multiple business projects for Google Maps, Wipro for client Hewlett Packard. Over 4
years of experience in project management / operations management in leading multiple small scale and large projects by staffing and resource
planning, managing metrics, people management, project life cycle. Managing day to day operations and KPI for the project and delivering in
specific time frame. Determine and analyze process requirements and develop functional needs for the processes. Worked with cross functional
teams for 5 years includes training, technical, quality, metadata, tech-stop and other cross functional teams like business analysts, quality analysts,
Worked with other functional leads and senior / quality analysts by proposing various solutions.
Skills
Diploma in Computer Applications NICET Institute
Core Java
Completed Web Designing & MS office package course from APTECH Computers- India
JIRA tool.
SQL.
Microsoft Office, PowerPoint, Excel, Visio & Project.
Seeking for PMP Certification will get certified at the earliest.
Work History
Team Lead Senior Analyst
 
, 
01/2012
 
to 
08/2012
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
Ensured that all the projects and processes are adhered to pre-defined standards.
Acted as a liaison between the senior business managers and various global stake holders.
Recruited 100 + Analysts for the process by suggesting best practices and effective methods.
Captured and documented business requirements and transformed them into functionalities Strategic management, Project Initiation,
Planning, Delivering project deliverables in time frame.
Collaborate on system specifications and workflow documents for new projects and/or features and maintains/updates existing
specifications and project documents.
Capacity planning staffing and resource allocation as per the requirements.
Possess good written and verbal communication skills for influencing team members stakeholders.
Demonstrated various strategic management leadership skills for executing multiple projects.
Operations / Project Lead for Multiple Projects Cognizant & Global Logic 2012 January 2016 April for Client Google Maps Roles and
Responsibilities Daily monitoring of metrics, investigating inefficiencies and improve team processes to meet KPI.
Monitor work flows and conduct quality reviews to ensure high standards in line with project needs.
Liaise with management regarding work flows, industry updates, changes and policy reforms.
Analyzing requirements, client needs and policies by transforming them into business functionalities.
Bridging the gaps in various cross functional teams by documenting various policy and process enhancements with effective communication.
Tracking of various metrics on daily basis for generating weekly metrics reports.
Ability to make sound and wise decisions in projects for solving complex operational problems.
Performing root cause analysis for identifying various problems and providing optimum feasible solutions.
Educating and coaching team members on various policies standards by enhancing competencies.
Monitoring performance of analysts by adding and measuring various performance metrics.
Interpret customer feedback, monitor satisfaction, and help drive programs to improve team performance Analyze metrics and recommend
operational flow improvements based upon analysis.
Experience in presenting various complex information and data in a precise and understandable way.
Driving exceptional customer service to the end clients.
Experience in breaking down problems and issues into segments and resolving them by strategy in given timelines.
Demonstrated transparent accountability in various projects throughout the leadership career.
Documenting and defining the scope, time and costs of the project.
Mentoring / Training the newbies and other cross functional teams on various IT products and functional needs and business needs.
Trained over 200+ associates by sharing knowledge on various processes of multiple projects.
Expert in all the project management tools like MS Share point, Visio and very proficient with excel, word, PowerPoint and SQL.
Service and Escalations Ticket management.
Prioritizing issues related to production and resolving them by amicable solutions Proactively tracking bottle necks in the process and
resolving them by providing feasible solutions.
Writing SQL queries for updating and checking dashboard metrics to ensure operational efficiency for enhancing KPI.
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision.
Worked with various and different cross functional teams like business and quality analyst's others.
Associate Analyst
 
, 
01/2011
 
to 
08/2012
 
Designed and developed various Business works projects as part of integration.
Understand existing frameworks and applications.Determining requirements and translating them to business requirements.
Providing solutions for complex challenges to various cross functional teams.
Highlighting issues pertaining to process and documenting best practices for process enhancement.
Proficient using excel and SQL basic queries for data extraction, analyzation and reporting.
Associate Analyst
 
, 
02/2009
 
to 
11/2009
 
Company Name
 
Helping customers by giving feasible solutions related to windows operating systems.
Solving all complex problems pertaining to computer hardware and software.
Troubleshooting all the internet and network cable issues and other computer peripherals.
Suggesting alternate products and pitching for sales.
Achieved CSAT KPI by providing optimum solutions and customer satisfaction.
Resolving customer queries pertaining to H.P products and achieving customer satisfaction.
Data Entry Specialist / Analyst
 
, 
06/2008
 
to 
01/2009
 
through Kelly services for client Google.
Analyzing data and using various queries to transform the requirements.
Determining process and business requirements.
Transforming process requirements into business logics and functionalities.
Providing good communication to end clients and business leaders.
Documentation of various process to increase operational accuracy and efficiency.
Writing basic SQL queries for data reporting and for other business/ technical functional needs.
Education
Bachelor of Commerce
 
: 
accounting and business management
 
, 
Osmania University
 
- 
accounting and business management GPA: 3.0
Master of Business Administration
 
: 
GPA: 3.4
Master of Science
 
: 
Information Technology
 
, 
Wilmington University Delaware
 
- 
Information Technology GPA: 3.31
Skills
analyst, basic, Business works, cable, Capacity planning, coaching, computer peripherals, computer hardware, Computer Applications, Client,
clients, customer satisfaction, customer service, Documentation, Driving, features, frame, functional, Java, leadership, leadership skills, Logic,
Mentoring, Excel, Microsoft Office, MS office, windows operating systems, PowerPoint, Share point, word, network, policies, presenting,
processes, Project Lead, project management, quality, reporting, sales, sound, SQL, staffing, strategy, Strategic management, supervision,
translating, Troubleshooting, verbal communication skills, Visio, Web Designing, wise, workflow, written