INDEPENDENT PUBLIC RELATIONS CONSULTANT
Executive Profile
Accomplished professional with demonstrated ability to deliver strategic internal and external communications. Experienced in hospitality industry.
Highly-skilled in event creation, oversight and management, as well as all aspects of media relations.
Skill Highlights
Exceptional leadership/communication skills Creative
pitching
Promotional campaigns 
Experienced spokesperson
Event management International Relations
Project management Market research and analysis
Copywriting and copyediting Customer-oriented
Deadline-driven MS Office, Social Media platforms, basic HTML through
Dreamweaver
Core Accomplishments
Public Relations and Event Management: Initiated re-branding and imaging campaign which resulted in 10%-20% increased visitation per year.
Created and managed private and public events for parties, corporate break-outs, weddings, family days and visiting VIP's.
Initiated a public relations capital campaign for a non-profit on a tight budget, raising over $20 million in pledges and support.
Garnered first national and international coverage for 40+ year old institution, and maintained visibility with more than 40 features and spotlight
listings each year.
Spearheaded new social media programs which increased program sales 25% within the first year.
Collaborated with local organizations to increase exposure for Palm Beach County to key travel and tour groups Represented clients on Culture
Key initiative to drive tourism post-9/11 resulting in 10% increased visitation and hotel stays Collaborated on behalf of clients on tourism initiatives
through the Palm Beach County CVB resulting in record-breaking stays and visitation for three fiscal years.
Coordinated major press events for Jet Aviation terminal opening and Keys to the City with less than three weeks' notice, resulting in more than 20
features and national exposure.
Researched story ideas and created national pitch, resulting in international coverage in more than 15 countries.
Professional Experience
Company Name
 
January 2009
 
to 
Current
 
Independent Public Relations Consultant
 
City
 
, 
State
Provide full public relations services for nearly 20 for and non-for-profit businesses and organizations through the quad-county area.
Services include: Identifying customer needs through market research and analysis.
Defining project and company vision, strategies and tactics.
Research and tracking advertising and public relations activities.
Evaluating and managing new strategic business opportunities.
Expanding product and company recognition in the national and local press to support the sales and marketing teams.
Creating and managing special events to draw customers and media attention.
Establishing and maintaining cooperative relationships with representatives of community, consumer, employee and public interest groups.
Organizing public appearances, lectures, contests and exhibits to increase product awareness.
Designing web and other content, including monthly newsletters and promotional calendars.
Developing and implemented 5-10 public relations business plans each year.
Working with management to identify trends and developments that might influence PR decisions and strategies.
Establishing long-range objectives and developed innovative strategies to help achieve them.
Cultivating positive relationships with the community through public relations campaigns.
Generating programming capital for the agency by planning and coordinating fundraisers, writing grant proposals and securing volunteer
investments.Managing all media, press and public relations issues.
Coaching less experienced public relations staff members on media relations practices.
Company Name
 
Current
 
Director of Marketing, PR and Special Events
 
City
 
, 
State
Managed online and print advertising budgets up to $100,000.
Identified customer needs through market research and analysis.
Oversaw and assisted in developing two new websites and all social media strategies.
Oversaw and managed all private and public events, coordinating with catering and entertainment.
Served as organization spokesperson for media and the community.
Organized, planned and implemented press conferences for new openings, groundbreaking, capital campaign and scientific breakthroughs.
Designed, drafted and distributed public information materials and quarterly newsletters and e-blasts.
Implemented creative, press-worthy events for the public and increased exposure, resulting in more than 40 feature hits across all media
outlets per year, and increased visitation each year.
Researched, negotiated, implemented and tracked advertising and public relations activities.
Represented the Museum on all tourism and hospitality committees including the Palm Beach County Attractions Association, CVB, Tourist
Development Council, Florida's Governors Conference on Tourism, VisitFlorida and Palm Beach County Cultural Council, resulting in
regular coverage from national and international travel writers.
Trained all employees on VIP and media etiquette.
Coordinated all VIP, celebrity and donor visits.
Pitched location shoots to visiting and local film industry to garner increased exposure.
Implemented marketing and public relations initiatives to drive attendance, resulting in an increased operations budget from $500k to more
than $2 million within ten years.
Education
Palm Beach Atlantic University
 
1999
 
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Organizational Management
 
Organizational Management
West
 
Marketing, Public Relations and Journalism coursework Graduate level courses completed in International Business Management Buena
Vista Hospitality management training
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Languages
Conversational Spanish, elementary Mandarin
Affiliations
Palm Beach County Attractions Association, Past President and Treasurer (1999-present)
Palm Beach County CVB, Marketing and PR Sub-Committees Chair (4 years)
Palm Beach County Cultural Council, Marketing/PR Committee Representative (1999-present)
Palm Beach Film Society, Vice President (2002-present)
Skills
MS Office, Dreamweaver, advertising, social media platforms, wesbsites Conversational Spanish and elementary Mandarin