ENGINEERING INTERN
Summary
looking for an opportunity as an engineer or related position which offers key participation, team-oriented tasks, immediate challenges and career
opportunities in a reputed organization which will help me deliver my best and upgrade my skills in engineering and meet the demands of the
organization. To utilize my technical skills for achieving the target and developing the best performance in the organization. I would like to
implement my innovative ideas, skills and creativity for accomplishing projects.
Skills
Know-your-consumer (KYC)
Statistical process control
Cost reduction and avoidance
Systems Engineering
Systems Engineering management
Software systems engineering
Quality control
Failure analysis
Tools of operations research
MS Office
Auto CAD
Experience
06/2014
 
to 
06/2014
Engineering Intern
 
Company Name
Develop, evaluate, document, and advance manufacturing methods and processes through Lean techniques and Kaizen Events.
Analyse production layouts, designing and implementing efficiency and quality improvement projects across production lines.
Collaborate with administrative and financial teams to establish viable support of safety standards.
Provide ongoing production support and troubleshooting.
Noticeable Contribution: Prepared report on project status for management, conceptual design as well as process development Monitored
production tables, studied industry engineering specifications to obtain knowledge of production methods and techniques.
Directed workers involved in different operations such as: product measurement, inspection and testing activities to ensure quality and
reliability.
Engineering Intern
 
Company Name
Installed, maintained, and operated mining and oil field equipment.
Designed and implemented environmental controls on oil and gas operations.
Presented a paper in the university.
Trained in hydraulic fracturing and acid treatment Noticeable Contribution: I was involved in a multidisciplinary team for reservoir simulation
and development.
The responsibilities included: running routine and special core analysis on different reservoir core samples, reservoir characterizations, and
reservoir simulation.
This project gave me exposure to the following: refining process working of crude distillation units hydro-cracker unit fluid catalytic cracking
unit continuous catalytic reforming unit visbreaker unit isomerisation unit diesel hydro -desulphurisation unit.
Projects: NATURAL AND ESSENTIAL OILS PVT LTD.
Performed the extraction of essential oils from flower called tuberose and convert it to the desired product using an Rota-vapour distillation
apparatus, and a full scale quality analysis was carried out in the lab which included the GCMS (gas chromatography mass spectrometer.
Noticeable Contribution: Calculated production accuracy, yield and testing equipment to propose corrective actions.
Employed statistics to analyze manufacturing vs.
requirements and suggest improvements.
Prepared work plans and forecast of production/industrial equipment for management reviews and control.
Monitored and organized workflow schedules according to manufacturing sequences and standard lead time of production operations.
Company Name
Performed extraction using sub-critical Carbon-di-oxide for the extraction of Nutraceuticals where I worked in a team of four under
Mr.R.Senthil Kumar ( Professor, Sastra university).
We developed our own process design to extract nutraceuticals in a more efficient way with better purity.
I experienced a research lab first hand and had the opportunity to work in close quarters with eminent people from the industry Noticeable
Contributions: Developed accurate, operations-wide measurement standards to increase production, minimize non-value-added time, and
reduce cost.
Monitored and analyzed workflow, processes, procedures, and line activities, identifying and resolving bottlenecks to maximize efficiency.
Created cost models to support customer proposals and cost reduction initiatives.
Served on quality assurance team, developing guidelines and procedures to improve standards and performance.
Developed documentation system to ensure accurate, timely updates.
Company NameThis is project involves the isolation of colchicine and theo colchicoside from gloriosa superba seeds and forscolin from coleus tubers and
senocide from senna leaves.
Developed the industrial process for its extraction and the process flow diagram on ASPEN workbench.
Noticeable contribution: Ran safety and quality tests, installed upgrades, performed troubleshooting, created new production units.
Used flow charts, graphs, diagrams, reports, and other documentation to monitor and improve the process.
Performed environmental monitoring, handled facility safety and functionality, in accordance with regulations, and in cooperation with
quality-control and maintenance engineer teams.
Coordinated the various tasks of system development - Planning, designing, and integration (including formal testing) and oversaw full
transition into production.
Created schedules and prepared internal and data-system reports for backup management.
Managed system configuration and its documentation to make sure planning and execution were run efficiently.
Education and Training
current
Master of Science
 
: 
Engineering Management
 
Oklahoma Christian University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Engineering Management GPA: 3.6/4
2016
Bachelor of Technology
 
: 
Chemical Engineering
 
Sastra University, Tanjore Tamil Nadu
 
Chemical Engineering GPA: 6.97/10
Skills
Auto CAD, Failure analysis, inspection, Lean manufacturing, process control, process design, simulation, system configuration, Systems
Engineering