BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Summary
Experienced sales professional and effective leader. Currently a sales professional for CT of Wolters Kluwer. 
Highly motivated, self-driven, result-
oriented consultant 
Tenacious new business prospecting, selling, negotiating and closing skills 
Skillful verbal and written communication skills
including the ability to present to an executive-level 
audience 
Passion for gaining personal relationships with clients 
Strong understanding and use of
strategic selling techniques 
Former professional athlete
Experience
03/2017
 
to 
Current
Business Development Manager
 
Company Name
Consulted with C-level executives to develop and implement an effective, enterprise-wide strategy that maximizes the 
value delivered by
solutions in order to ensure success with key initiatives 
Developed and conducted effective presentations with contract decision makers (c-
level) 
Accountable for the entire sales cycle from prospecting to closing deals, forecasting, and strategic planning July 2015 - March 2017 -
Business Development Manager 
Wolters Kluwer/CT Corporation 
FY 2016 104.4% for CT Corporation 
FY 2016 #1 Business
Development Manager on Law Firm Segment Team 
FY 2015 109% for CT Corporation 
Primary responsibility for driving profitable
customer acquisition and sales growth 
Responsible for developing and implementing relationships with existing customer base as well as
pursuing new 
customers of representation and compliance services, formation/qualification services, and other on demand services 
Leverage
strategic planning in order to optimize revenue generation of sales efforts 
Participate in collecting and evaluating performance metrics by
participating in in-depth and on-going analysis of 
departmental services, processes, and customer preferences; understanding the overall
needs of the law firm channels 
and what factors contribute to success; assist with monitoring department metrics; assisting in the
identification of 
relationships and trends in the data as well as factors influencing results; contributing to the development of solutions to
maintain or improve customer satisfaction, increase revenue and/or decrease expenses.
May 2012 - July 2015 - Tampa & Southwest Florida Territory Manager 
LexisNexis 
Successfully earned 2 Circle of Excellence company
trips for achieving top sales results (2010, 2011).
Earned the Best Sales Teaming Award for the Region (2011).
FY 2014 Over 100% for LexisNexis 
FY 2012 Over 100% for LexisNexis 
Qualified and earned a Top Performer's Trip (2012 and 2014).
Created and implemented effective account/territory plans that included; developing and implementing a sales strategy 
considering new
business growth, managing all resources necessary to drive new business; forecasting revenue; 
developing key contacts and business
relationships within a new account including influential individual and high level 
decision makers.
Identified and qualified opportunities in order to successfully advance them through selling process to close.
Consistently identified and communicated effectively with executives or other high level officials to articulate competitive 
differentiators and
provide a solution-based sales presentation.
Established and maintained excellent customer relationships at all levels, and acted as a liaison between sales support 
and our customers to
ensure a positive onboarding process.
Developed strategic sales plans using business analysis tools to identify and track revenue trends, recognize sales 
opportunities, target
specific sales activities, and analyze competitive threats within my territory.
January 2010 - April 2012 - Michigan & South Dakota Account Executive (Dayton, Ohio) 
LexisNexis 
FY 2011 Over 100% for
LexisNexis 
FY 2010 Over 100% for LexisNexis 
Secured the largest POS contract in the history of LexisNexis as an Account Executive
($75,123).
Created and implemented effective account/territory plans that included; developing and implementing a sales strategy 
considering new
business growth, managing all resources necessary to drive new business; forecasting revenue; 
developing key contacts and business
relationships within a new account including influential individual and high level 
decision makers.
Identified and qualified opportunities in order to successfully advance them through selling process to close.
Established and maintained excellent customer relationships at all levels, and acted as a liaison between sales support 
and our customers to
ensure a positive onboarding process.
Customized pricing proposals that matched the LexisNexis solutions to the prospective customer's business needs.
Developed strategic sales plans using business analysis tools to identify and track revenue trends, recognize sales 
opportunities, target
specific sales activities, and analyze competitive threats within my territory.
02/1998
 
to 
12/2009
Executive Director
 
Company Name
08/1997
 
to 
11/2005
Assistant Soccer
 
Company Name
Responsibilities included identification, analysis and recruitment of student athletes, planning and execution of practices, player skill
development, academic monitoring and counseling supporting a Division I college soccer program.
November 1994 - May 1998 Professional Athlete (Soccer Player) 
Ohio 
Cincinnati Silverbacks of the NPSL (National Professional Soccer
League) 
Dayton Dynamo of the NPSL 
Columbus Xoggz (USISL).
11/1994
 
to 
02/2005
Director
 
Company Name
Dayton's largest and most comprehensive youth soccer organization.
Only Coach in the history of the state to earn highest coaches honor twice (2006, 2009) 
Manage the activities of 150 coaches, trainers and
team managers.
Team leader for presentations delivered one-on-one and in both small and large group settings.Taught thirty certified license courses graduating over 1000 professional coaches.
Successfully achieved day to day operational goals while focusing on long term strategic goals.
Conduct training and educational programs for thousands of players on such topics as fitness, nutrition, injury prevention, 
sport psychology
and life skills.
Responsible for developing, reviewing, and updating all training and educational materials.
Demonstrated team building skills such as communication, empathy, motivation and problem resolution.
Trained and certified coaches to be fully prepared for National licensing courses.
Supervised and managed coaching staff within Olympic Development Program.
Established specific curriculums and educational presentations to be incorporated within district and state levels.
Instructed players at district, state and regional levels in order to achieve their fullest potential and achieve a position on 
United States
National Team.
Education and Training
1995
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Education/Exercise Physiology
 
Wright State University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Education/Exercise Physiology
Skills
academic, articulate, business analysis, Business Development, C, closing, Coach, coaching, competitive, counseling, customer satisfaction, driving,
educational materials, educational programs, forecasting, injury prevention, team building, Team leader, Law, managing, enterprise, POS,
presentations, pricing, problem resolution, processes, proposals, psychology, recruitment, selling, Sales, sales plans, sales support, strategy,
strategic, strategic planning