SALES ASSOCIATE
Profile
Highly effective in promoting a positive, productive environment. Reputation for excellence and high quality service to clients. Good eye for detail;
well organized, skilled in setting priorities. Resourceful and self-confident; can get the job done, and do it well. Strong interpersonal and
communication skills. Remain calm and work well under demanding conditions. Proven record of innovative and effective staff development.
Strong commitment, vision and leadership.
Skill Highlights
Adobe (2 years), Microsoft Office (4 years), Adobe Cloud (2 years), Photoshop (2 years), Data Entry (2 years), Merchandising (3 years)
Critical thinker
Detail oriented
Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint
Planning/coordinating
Team leadership
Areas of Expertise
Being able to learn every little thing i can about each department of my job , gaining alot of experience working with people.
Design
Created high-quality Flash designs.
Website Design
Created accent graphics, banner ads, icons, animations and logos using Photoshop and Illustrator.
Work Experience
October 2016
to
Current
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Sales Associate
Worked with clients to analyze computing and network needs and installed appropriate solutions within each organization's budget.
Improved reliability of supply chain software, systems, database and order processing. 
Developed and managed project plans while
providing status updates to management. 
Designed, documented and executed maintenance procedures, including system upgrades, patch
management and system backups. 
Other duties may be assigned.
Smile.
Greet customers and determine how to meet and exceed their expectations.
Develop & Exhibit proficiency in Customer Service, Print and Copy Services, Packaging Services, design brochures, NCR forms , ECT.
Postal, Shipping, & Freight Services and Computer Skills,.
Receive, sort and place mail in mailbox modules accurately.
Record all sales transactions on Point of Sale and accurately process cash, checks, credit card and university internal billing transactions.
Print reports as requested.
Pack contents for shipping using established procedures and products.
Deliver mail, overnight letters, parcels and facsimiles to customers.
Operate all software programs including but not limited to Point of Sale, Counter Manifest System, Mailbox Manager, MS Office and other
programs as required.
Receive and process packages for shipping, including lifting and weighing packages on scale, accessing Manifesting software, generating
labels and retrieving packages from customers when requested.
Prepare documents for traces and shipping claims.
Assist in merchandising the center, including: stocking shelves with product, ensuring a clean and orderly appearance of product, informing
manager of inventory levels for re-ordering supplies, being informed of product specifics (i.e.
warranties, durability claims, pricing, etc.) Open & Close out of POS to include: reconciliation of cash, checks, credit cards, and all other
transactions accurately and in accordance with company policy and procedure.
Operate printer/copiers, fax machine, binding equipment and all other office machines in a safe, efficient and productive manner.
Help customers operate those machines they have access to as Required.
September 2014
to
November 2014
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Front Counter Clerk
Multitask, be responsible for my shift.
Accomplishments I got to put my math skills to work with all the money I have to go through all day long and make sure it's all correct
amounts as well as my paperwork.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Clerk II
 
Created, organized and maintained files, daily case notes and electronic databases.
Organized office schedules and maintained relationships with necessary agency contacts.Organized office schedules and maintained relationships with necessary agency contacts.
Facilitated cognitive behavioral programs with offenders in a group setting. 
Performs routine clerical work.
Work involves compiling and tabulating data; checking documents for accuracy; transporting documents; and maintaining files.
Works under moderate supervision with limited latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment.
II.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS A.
Sorts, opens, inspects, and scans offender correspondence; and sorts and delivers unit departmental and offender mail.
B.
Assists in preparing forms related to offender correspondence processing and mail room operations; maintains records and files; and moves
boxes and mail bags.
C.
Answers inquiries regarding routine mail room procedures; and maintains contact with the United States Postal Service personnel and
private mail carriers.
D.
Issues postage and writing materials to indigent offenders and offenders on commissary restriction; performs data entry and retrieval; and
maintains automated data regarding postage and supplies.
Education
2017
The College Of Health Care Professions
 
City
 
, 
State
 
medical assistant Communication
 
Coursework in Sociology and Psychology 
Coursework in
Biology, Clinical Chemistry and Microbiology 
Coursework in Anatomy, Physiology and Health Assessments 
medical assistant Communication
Skills and Typing Skills
2014
Floresville High School
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA 
High School Diploma
 
: 
High School Diploma 
Coursework in Marketing, Public Relations and
Promotions Management 
Coursework in Business, Marketing and Communications 
Communications, English and Journalism coursework 
Training
course in Microsoft Excel and Word. 
Skills
Adobe, Photoshop, billing, brochures, C, Cashier, clerical, closing, Communication Skills, credit, Customer Service, Data Entry, designing, fax
machine, forms, inspects, inventory levels, letters, materials, Math, Merchandising, access, mail, money I, Microsoft Office, MS Office, Works,
Multi-Tasking, multitasking, object-oriented programming, office machines, Packaging, personnel, copiers, POS, pricing, printer, Quick learner,
maintaining files, sales, Shipping, supervision, troubleshooting, Typing Skills, weighing
Cash handling
Shipping and receiving 
Professional and friendly 
Careful and active listener 
Multi-tasking 
Sales Software: Salesforce.com, TapScan
Public Relations Software: Bacon's Mediasource, Factiva
Desktop Publishing Software: Photoshop, Illustrator, HTML
Additional Information
Willing to relocate: Anywhere