PUBLIC RELATIONS OFFICER
Executive Summary
Highly talented professional with more than ten years in accounting and supply operations acquired in the United States Navy, United States Army,
and corporate environments. Practiced in sophisticated inventorymanagementprograms. Trilingual - English, Wafi and Igbo - Global understanding
of world politics.
Core Qualifications
Operations management
Staff development
Inventory control
Staff development
Change management
Compensation/benefits administration
Policy/program development
Compensation/benefits administration
Policy/program development
Cross-functional team management
Staff training
Staff training
Professional Experience
01/2013
 
to 
01/2015
Company Name
Mentored, taught, trained and advised the Afghanistan National Police, National Interdiction Unit (NIU) Logistics personnel with all aspects
of developing organized and effective logistics management systems in accordance with the MOI's Logistics Policy.
The NIU is the Ministry of Interior's strike force for illicit narcotics trafficking.
Advised and coordinated logistics support for the entire Sensitive Investigative Unit (SIU) and National Interdiction Unit (NIU) Regional
Law Enforcement Centers throughout Afghanistan located in Kunduz, Jalalabad, Heart and Kabul.
The PAE Warehouse in Kabul, Afghanistan is responsible for the implementation of Logistics matters in accordance with the company's
Statements of Work (SOW).
Additionally, it is also responsible for the development of property accountability, issue, receipt, and recovery of property issued to the
Afghanistan Logistics Officers and Property Custodians.
Trained, and Advised the Program's Warehouse, Sustainment, Property Book, Logistics Plans, Operations and Contract personnel on
logistics matters that affect the accomplishment of the missions.
Coordinated logistics sustainment and emergency resupply missions for 530 Afghanistan Counternarcotic elite police force in 2 Regional
Law Enforcement centers located in Kunduz and Herat.
Coordinates with quality assurance personnel to ensure that the goods meet an acceptable standard and generates positive feedback from
clients.
Hands on working experience in requirement gathering, reporting, documentation, process mapping, scheduling, planning, and data analysis.
01/2006
 
to 
01/2011
Company Name
LogisticsSupervisorin support of Global War On Terrorism (GWOT)ensuring the acquisitions, shipping and receiving materials for vital
missions in Afghanistan, Africa and Iraq with expertise in Bookkeeping, Accounting, Inventoryand Management for the United States Navy.
Contracting Officer for the FederalGovernment with purchase up to $500,000 Reviewed and processed all financial transactions on a timely
basis, ensuring accuracy, completeness and compliance with all policies, procedures and regulatory requirements.
Supervised and organizedadministrative functions with respect to inspecting, locating, storing, safe keeping, issuing, preparing, shipping,
rotating, materials return and disposal of supplies and equipment as related to ground supply operations.
Resource Advisor for the Department of Defense.Managed and tracked over $3million allocated to the Navy Seabees.
Procured construction materials and support equipment for the Combined Joint Task Force Horn of Africa to sustain and complete vital
projects in different parts of African continent.
Developed logistical spreadsheet to track materials for Combined Joint Special Operations Task Force Afghanistan in support of Village
Stabilization Operations.
Streamlined efficiency of supply system resulting in $2M reduction in material and equipment for resale utilization by Defense Reutilization
and Marketing Office.
Facilitated movement of US personnel convoy, construction materials, office supplies and support equipment to other forward operating
bases.
01/1996
 
to 
01/2006
Public Relations Officer
 
Company Name
Utilized languageand knowledge of local culturein leading team of medical Professionals in training Nigerian villagers in health and prevention
techniques as Humanitarian effort Employed conflict resolution techniques to assuage resistance and diffuse crisis situations Amongst
contrasting ethnicities, customs, and cultures Saved U.S Government over $1M by initiating diplomatic relations with Afghani tribal leaders.
Brokered vendoring arrangement to procure updated tools and materials to complete construction projects awaiting supplies from United
States.
Reduced project down-time from six months to one month, enabled continuous workflow and provided win-win diplomatic relationship
between Afghan government and United States.
Education2004
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Accounting
 
Enugu State University of Science and Technology
 
Accounting
1995
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Microbiology
 
University of Nigeria
 
Nigeria
 
Microbiology
Interests
Global War on Terrorism 
Operation Iraq Freedom 
Reading 
Analyzing complex issues Playing Soccer Army Achievement Medal
Affiliations
ACTIVE SECRET CLEARANCE and Moderate Risk Public Trust
Additional Information
AWARDS AND INTERESTS 
Global War on Terrorism 
Operation Iraq Freedom 
Reading 
Analyzing complex issues Playing Soccer
Army Achievement Medal
Skills
Accounting, acquisitions, Bookkeeping, Book, conflict resolution, clients, data analysis, documentation, financial, Government, inspecting, Law
Enforcement, Listening, Logistics, logistics management, Marketing, materials, Office, win, Navy, personnel, Police, policies, quality assurance,
receiving, reporting, requirement, scheduling, shipping, spreadsheet, Strategist, workflow