JEWELRY CONSULTANT
Summary
As you will see on my resume, I have the required experience, education, and training you seek in a candidate. 
In addition, I am a military spouse
and have a vast understanding of government regulations, policies, and procedures. 
I am very competent in managing an organizations financial
resources and feel I would be an excellent addition to your company. 
I would like to thank you for considering my application. 
I am very excited at
the prospect of working for your team. 
I am available to meet with you at your earliest convenience to discuss the position and my resume. 
You
are welcome to contact me at Excellent customer service, administration, organization, and communications skills 
*Ability to multi-task, meet
deadlines, work independently, or on a team
Highlights
Microsoft Office Suite;ability to accurately type 40 WPM
Experienced volunteer providing animal care at local shelters; bathed, groomed and temperament tested animals for adoptability
Experience
Jewelry Consultant
 
September 2014
 
to 
January 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Greeted and provided front-line customer service to patrons; assisted with product selection, provided information and made
recommendations.
Determined customer needs and prepared proposals/products to complete sales.
Marketed services and bundled packages; met and/or exceeded corporate sales.
Assembled displays and arranged merchandise/accessories as shown in sketches; maintained clean and orderly areas and displays.
Performed security/lost prevention procedures in accordance with corporate policies.
Examined merchandise and ensured pricing/display accuracy and product functionality.
Receptionist and Data Entry Clerk
 
September 2012
 
to 
March 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Provided administrative support to internal and external customers; answered phones, took messages, provided information, and directed
individuals/calls to staff members.
Prioritized/scheduled daily work operations; effectively managed time and resources.
Handled personal data and/or records; ensured integrity of customer account information and sustained compliance with confidentiality and
Privacy Act standards.
Completely and accurately documented forms and records in accordance with policies.
Maintained contact with clients until confirmed delivery of goods; effectively resolved customer concerns at the lowest managerial level.
Conducted inventories and ensured asset balance and accountability; labeled inventory and ensured appropriate stock levels were
maintained to meet customer demand.
Operated a variety of office automation equipment to include multi-line phone system, scanner, copiers, facsimiles, and shredder.
Child Care Provider
 
July 2011
 
to 
January 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Provided direct care to children age's birth through age five in family care setting.
Planned and conducted effective child development programs to meet the physical, social, emotional, and intellectual needs of individual
children.
Coordinated age-appropriate play/learning activities aimed at fostering development.
Used appropriate child guidance and care giving techniques; detected early signs of distress and redirected behaviors.
Led and interacted with children in song, games, finger play, and other activities; helped children develop self-help skills such as serving
food, zipping jackets, tying shoes, and hand washing.
Prepared snacks and meals using safe food handling procedures and dietary guidelines.
Maintained accountability and safety of children at all times; certified in pediatric, infant, and adult CPR.
Ensured proper maintenance and sanitation of classroom, toys, and equipment.
Experienced working with a variety of personalities and ability levels; skilled at adjusting responses to suit individual needs.
Taught children how to redirect negative behavior through feelings identification, compromise, and communication.
Education
Diploma
 
: 
General Studies
 
, 
2012
 
Byron P. Steele II High School
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
General Studies
Interests
Otero County Animal Control Shelter, Volunteer, Alamogordo, NM 
2014 - 2015 Schertz Animal Shelter, Volunteer, Cibolo, TX 
2006 - 2014
Future Farmers of America, Member/Volunteer, Cibolo, TX 
2009 - 2012 Thespian Club, Member, Cibolo, TX 
2008 - 2011
Skills
administrative support, balance, CPR, clients, customer service, delivery, forms, inventory, managerial, Microsoft Office Suite, office automation,
phone system, copiers, policies, pricing, proposals, safety, sales, scanner, phones, type 40 WPM
Additional Information
COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT: Otero County Animal Control Shelter, Volunteer, Alamogordo, NM 
2014 - 2015 Schertz Animal
Shelter, Volunteer, Cibolo, TX 
2006 - 2014 Future Farmers of America, Member/Volunteer, Cibolo, TX 
2009 - 2012 Thespian Club,Member, Cibolo, TX 
2008 - 2011