STAFF ACCOUNTANT
Professional Profile
To advance in professional and personal experiences within Finance, Tax Accounting and Management To obtain a Staff Accountant position that
will enable me to perform my best using my mathematical, numerical, accounting and analytical ability for the betterment of the organization. 
Highly
proactive professional with 10+ years of experience in accounting and economics. 
Eager to achieve highest standard of accounting operations and
greatest quality of work. Outstanding communication (written and spoken), drafting and computer skills. Strong critical thinking skills. High
Proficiency in all computer applications. Remarkable skill at organizing work and resolving problems that arise in day to day activities. In-depth
ability to work with difficult clientele in a respectful and courteous manner. Observant, intuitive and conscientious with great attention to detail.
Deep ability to develop and institute processes and procedures.
Qualifications
Microsoft applications
Excellent writing skills
Research support
Analytical skills
Independent worker
Time management
Attention to detail
Relevant Experience
Accounting Skills
Operated computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze information.
Research
Investigated and analyzed client complaints to identify and resolve issues.
Reporting
Maintained status reports to provide management with updated information for client projects.
Training
Successfully trained staff in all office systems and databases, policies and procedures while focusing on minimizing errors and generating
superior results.
Experience
Staff Accountant
 
04/2006
 
to 
09/2016
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Manage the annual property tax cycle by filing personal property tax returns, managing the assessment process and approving property tax
bills Provide essential support for senior tax professionals in the administration and coordination of tax engagements.
Track and maintain client real estate tax data from various sources; municipalities, legal, US Counties, etc.
Coordination with administration associates for data tracking, scheduling, and billing.
Receipt, review, segregation, and process of postal tax bills and other correspondences received.
Senior Management communications and reporting on tax accounting discrepancies in billing.
Tax accounting and assessment data entry utilizing Property Tax Management System (PTMS); updating account numbers, collector
information, Real 
property specifics, and other appropriate information.
Create/execute notice of value (NOV) variance reporting through established parameters in PTMS Follow through on acquiring necessary
refund(s) for erroneous fund dispersals on tax debts Obtain and assess Assessor Property Record Cards (PRC's) to identify land values on
properties exceeding established thresholds Monitor Appeals and Hearing deadlines tracking for compliance.
Financial Aid Accounting Administrator
 
06/2004
 
to 
04/2006
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Provide proficient daily accounting processes and procedures in accordance to the established policies within the Financial Aid Accounting
Department of Bradford Schools.
Execute and analyze financial delinquency reports to determine tuition account Verify and/or write-of debit and credit balances on inactive
tuition accounts.
Responsible for Month-End financial closing procedures which includes posting to the General Ledger accounts in Solomon Reconcile the
corporate account receivables systems against an institution's account payable system.
Perform individual account analysis after each month-end closing.
Complete financial statement reconciliations to verify any outstanding payments, deposits, service fees, and other forms of funds in transit
Write and review check requests for account refunds and route checks to appropriate financial institution.
Perform weekly withdrawal calculations to determine account refund or deficit status Provide associate assistance, support, and advice
where applicable Prepare and file monthly Sales & Use Tax online.
Customer Care Consultant
 
09/2002
 
to 
04/2003
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Processed request for real estate accounts and loans through telephone communications with prospective clients.
Responded to electronic communications regarding loan and general account status Provide staff assistance, support, and advice where
applicable Adhered to establish policies and procedures.Performed additional duties as a mortgage consultant to include providing clients with general information on mortgage terms and products,
credit ratings and options, and other customer care and support.
Computer Programmer
 
04/1998
 
to 
05/2001
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Maintain and support the Banner CIS utility system by performing upgrades and modifying defects using the Oracle Forms
Developer/Designer 2000 with an Oracle database.
Full Life Cycle system development and implementation including planning, assisting, recommending, and execution of established plans for
implementation Support, recommend, and implement established practices and procedures Quality assurance system testing of Banner
utilities processing to include processing meter readings, generating charges, and processing payments Client code implementations and
system support, dial-in client system development upgrades and bug fixes, and technical documentations for client specific system
enhancements.
System Integration Consulting and direct client contact.
Performed business documentation for initial client system specifications.
Computer Programmer Analyst
 
06/1996
 
to 
04/1998
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Development and enhancements of software to meet client needs Full Life Cycle system development and implementation Supported and
maintained existing system utilizing embedded SQL within the C programming language used to read, update, fetch, and insert rows from a
remote database.
Client code implementations and system support, dial-in client system development upgrades and bug fixes for client specific system
enhancements Operating platforms included OS/2 and Windows Developing, editing, and executing test tables (scripts) for proper
performance.
Technical documentation of work proposals for assignment scope, test results, and for specific install instructions for customer delivery
items, applications, and requirement studies which outlined the customers' systems request.
All technical documentation created utilizing Microsoft Word, Excel and other office documentation applications.
Education
Diploma
 
: 
Accounting
 
April 2004
 
Kings College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Accounting
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Computer Science
 
May 1995
 
South Carolina State University
 
Computer Science
Affiliations
Member of Institute for Professionals in Taxation (IPT) 
2006 - Present
NC Notary 
2000 - Present
Skills
Accounting, billing, C programming, closing, consultant, Consulting, credit, Client, clients, customer care, data entry, database, debit, delivery,
documentation, editing, Senior Management, fetch, filing, Financial, Forms, Full Life Cycle, funds, General Ledger accounts, legal, managing,
Excel, office, Windows, Microsoft Word, month-end closing, Oracle, Oracle database, Designer 2000, Developer, OS/2, processing payments,
policies, processes, proposals, Quality assurance, read, real estate, reporting, requirement, Sales, scheduling, scripts, Solomon, SQL, System
Integration, tables, Tax accounting, Tax, tax returns, Technical documentation, telephone, upgrades, utilities