IT CONSULTANT
Professional Profile
Accomplished Senior IT Engineer with demonstrated ability to analyze business requirements and create effective technical solutions applicable to
diverse industries. Serves as strategic partner to senior management, identifying business requirements, aligning IT assets with company goals and
making key strategic contributions. An experienced Network Engineer with excellent troubleshooting skills.
Highlights
Over 15 year experience in Design, installation and management of data and voice network.
Expertise includes: Design, build and maintain Microsoft Windows Servers including Domain
controllers, Exchange, SQL Database and Web servers, Novell servers and Linux servers;
setup and configure virtual servers using VMWARE/ESXi and Hyper-V.
Academic background includes
Bachelor's degree in Electrical
Engineering and Master of
Information Systems.
Areas of Expertise
Extensive knowledge of computer hardware and software, and networking appliance such as switches, routers and firewalls using Cisco,
Meraki, Sonicwall, HP, Dell and Juniper
Design, Install, configure, troubleshoot, and maintain routed LAN, routed WAN, Switched Network, Wireless Network, VPN and remote
access thru Citrix or Terminal services.
Design and maintain Microsoft Servers, including Windows NT Server, Windows 2000, Windows 2003 Server, Windows 2008 Server,
Windows 2012 Server, Active Directory, WEB Server, Exchange 2000, 2003, 2007, 2010, 2013, Office 365 and SQL 2000, 2005,
2008, 2012, 2014 server.
Design and maintain Novell Network, including Netware 3.0 to 6.5, Border Manager and GroupWise server.
Design and deploy backup systems, including BackupExec, Veeam, Acronis and online backup services such as Datto and Barracuda
Extensive knowledge of computer applications such as Spreadsheets, Accounting and E-mails (Exchange and GroupWise), Office 365,
Medical Programs (Practice Management, EHR/EMR, Medical Billing and Coding). Advanced knowledge of MS-Office 2003, 2007,
2010, 2013 including Visio. Expert on endpoint protection such as Anti-Virus/Anti-Malware
Advanced knowledge of regulatory and compliance obligations associated with HIM Operations including coding.
Experience
IT Consultant
 
November 2011
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Provides hardware and software specifications to users based on application and business needs and anticipated growth, installs new
servers, routers, firewall and maintains the entire infrastructure.
Recommends changes to improve systems and network configurations, and determine hardware or software requirements related to
proposed changes.
Performs troubleshooting for complex hardware, software and network problems.
Defines procedures for monitoring and evaluates, diagnoses, and establishes work plan to resolve system issues.
Manages multiple projects and work as a project leader and as a project team member to help complete the jobs on time.
Researches, evaluates and recommends new and more efficient software and hardware products.
Maintains and administers computing environments including computer hardware, systems software, applications software, and all
configurations.
Manages major upgrades of systems and/or relocation offices and facilities including assessment of requirements through to implementation
and testing of solutions.Â 
Manages data backup, availability, and recommends data recovery solutions.Â 
IT Consultant/Analysts/Network Engineer
 
November 2009
 
to 
October 2011
 
Company Name
Install and manage Local Area Network, Servers, firewalls, routers, switches, VPN connection, Remote access and security components.
Perform daily administration functions such as add/change users, check backups, virus detection, signature updates, intrusion prevention,
monitoring, and performance tuning.
Deploy, maintain, upgrade and update VMWare, Microsoft Hyper-V servers.
Maintain and update company's websites, Server's firmware, patches and service packs
Manage backup, image of servers and workstations and disaster recovery architecture.
Modify user accounts, password, content filtering, rights and securities.
Maintain SQL databases, create, modify and optimize as necessary to increase productivity.
Organize and optimize network directory and file layout for ease of use and management.
Serves as a technical resource to the HIMS function in other centers throughout the region if needed. Performs other duties & accepts
responsibility as assigned.
Provided annual savings through implementation of automated data system utilizing latest technologies
Responsible for HIM operations involving continuous evaluation and re-engineering of applicable processes and organizational design based
on current and new client needs.
Ensures the efficient day-to-day operations of the HIMS departments within a cluster.Â  Establish procedures & practices within
organizational policies & service standards & ensure the prompt resolution of internal customer & member concerns.
Participates in the Research, development & implementation of HIMS policies & procedures, operations & automated systems providing
medical information to client staff & providers.Ensure that company is fully compliant, following proper HIPAA policy, rules, regulations, guidelines and other standards. 
Â· Â  Â  Â  Â 
Forecasts the hospital's future technical and information needs and various property improvement projects.Â  Develops and adheres to
annual operating and capital budgets.
IT Consultant/Network Administrator
 
December 1994
 
to 
September 2009
 
Company Name
Served as Project Manager for GNC Operations Center and on several central offices build out projects in Los Angeles Counties.
Acted as consultant to senior executives of GNC to accommodate Y2K network deployment.Responsible for effective establishment of
strategic relationships that fueled adjacent market growth.
Successfully established relationships with key customers that included Verizon Wireless and others.
Managed functions that provided field engineering, logistics support and system assessment worldwide.
Marketed support products that resulted in increased revenue while positioning organization for further growth.
Effectively led delivery of support programs while increasing sales by17% and building strong customer relationships.Largest growth
offshore.
Designs, plans and implements Microsoft and Novell Networks.
Setup and configures Microsoft, Novell and Linux, Citrix, Terminal, WEB and Blackberry Servers
Setup, configure, administer and maintain CISCO, Juniper, Sonicwall and other manufacturer switches, routers and Firewalls.
Implements new technology and network strategies
Managed overall optimum performance of the WAN/LAN and security infrastructure
Performs automation projects.
Managed Healthcare clients, installing and maintaining medical application programs.
Computer SERVICE Engineer
 
January 1991
 
to 
November 1994
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Designs and implements Local Area Network Systems (i.e.
prepares servers, load application programs, configure switches, routers and firewalls).
Setup and maintain multiple and mixed domain networks Troubleshoots network problems, LAN and WAN Handles all servers and
networking Technical Support.
Researches escalated problems and provide solutions as necessary.
Setup and configures Backup and disaster recovery Evaluates new systems and checks product quality.
Provides training to new employees.
Education
Master of Science
 
: 
Master of Information Systems
 
Master of Information Systems
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Electrical Engineering
 
Electrical Engineering
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) Microsoft Certified professional (MCP) Certified Novell Engineer (CNE) Netware 6 Certified
Professional Coder (CPC) Certified Professional Coder-Hospital (CPC-H)
Technical Skills
Accounting, Active Directory, Anti-Virus, automation, Backup, budgets, CCNA, Cisco Certified Network Associate, Certified Novell Engineer,
CNE, CISCO, Citrix, computer hardware, Computer networking, computer applications, consultant, consulting, client management, content,
client, clients, databases, Database, delivery, Dell, disaster recovery, Firewalls, GroupWise, HP, image, Local Area Network, LAN, layout,
Linux, logistics, market, Medical Billing, access, Microsoft Certified professional, MCP, Exchange, Office, MS-Office, SQL 2000, Microsoft
Windows, Windows, Windows 2000, 2000, Windows NT Server, Netware 6, network engineering, Network, networking, networks, Novell,
Netware 3.0, Novell Networks, Novell Network, Novell servers, organizational design, organizational, policies, positioning, processes, Coding,
quality, reengineering, Research, routers, sales, securities, Servers, Spreadsheets, SQL, strategic, switches, Technical Support,
telecommunications, troubleshoot, upgrade, VPN, Visio, Web servers, WEB Server, websites, WAN, Y2K