INTERIOR DESIGNER
Professional Summary
Hands on and highly motivated Interior Designer involved in all stages of design from concept inception and development to installation. Results-
oriented Design Professional who works with the design team to provide seamless, cutting edge and creative designs within strict time frames.
Work History
Interior Designer
 
Jan 1999
 
- 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Consulted with clients to determine scope of project, and appropriate budget to achieve client's goal in a high level of design.
Presented professional and polished storyboards, layouts and budgets based on scope of each project.
Offered solutions for design concerns.
Negotiated and assisted in writing contracts to present to client.
Selected and Sourced all hardline materials, surface materials, paint colors and architectural solutions to assist in completing project.
Created custom furniture as needed by interfacing with fabricators and artisans.
Guided assistants, contractors and peers in resolving design issues, whether aesthetic or structural.
Offered clear and fair communication to team members, assisting with design process.
Sourcing of all ff&e items to suit specific project needs, while maintaining project budget.
Procurement of all items needed to complete project within deadlines.
Receipt and placement of furnishings, art and all decorative elements.
Created custom furniture as needed by interfacing with fabricators and artisans.
Procurement
Budget Preparation.
Sales and Customer Service.
Colorist and Paint Specialist
Education
High School Diploma
 
: 
Shadle Park High School
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Skills
Photoshop, art, Budget Preparation, budgets, budget, contracts, client, clients, Customer Service, Layout, Leadership and Training, materials,
Office Suite, paint, Procurement, Rendering, Sales, Sketching
Additional Information
Esprit Apartment Community, Marina Del Rey, Ca Bryson Square Apartment Community, Atlanta, Ga Turpin Ranch, Jackson Hole, Wy
Boulders Apartment Community, Las Vegas, NV Nordstrom Summer Home, Union, WA Nordstrom Home, Bellevue, Wa Blumer
Residence, Bellevue, Wa Baruffi Residence, Bellevue, Wa Waechter House Boat, Seattle, Wa Windermere Real Estate Offices, Seattle,
Wa Wood Residence, Sun Valley, Id Wood Residence, Seattle, Wa Luigi Osteria, Los Angeles, Ca Pho Restaurant, Los Angeles, Ca LA
Spice Catering, Los Angeles, Ca Borracho Cantina, Los Angeles, Ca Caffe Primo, Los Angeles, Ca Caffe Primo, Glendale, Ca Caffe
Primo, Hollywood, Ca Lofts at Theater Square Apartment Community, Petaluma, Ca