REGIONAL DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Summary
Be a strategic leader of an organization, utilizing creativity, innovation, experience, technical education, people skills and business relationships to
inspire the will to win through the development of best in class people that deliver best in class results
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Regional Development Manager
 
01/2003
 
to 
Current
Real Estate COO, Head of North America Real Estate Operations; Accountable for all Project Management, Transactions, Procurement
and Facility Management activities for 25 million sf of Real Estate across the United States and Canada representing an annual capital plan
and operating expense budget of $450 million and $1.4 billion per year respectively.
Lead a staff of 90 employees plus all outsourced Real Estate providers accountable for delivering legendary Customer Experiences.
SVP, Head of Retail Real Estate and Distribution Strategy; Led a staff of fifty employees driving the strategic development and tactical
implementation of the Real Estate program across the US footprint.
Direct the capital expenditure and manage expenses for the portfolio of 1,300 branches.
Accountable for new construction, renovations, relocations and consolidations; architectural project management; disposition of surplus
property; purchasing; facility management; asset reinvestment; lease administration and contract administration.
Align Real Estate strategies across all lines of business.
Recommend final approval and execution for all physical distribution activities, transactions, contracts, legal documents and business cases.
VP, Director of Development Services; Commanded and cultivated a team of twenty-five employees responsible for executing a $300
million capital budget to strategically develop the physical real estate portfolio across the entire US Retail footprint.
Ran a best in class program through identifying and mitigating risk, decreasing cost and driving reduction in overall project durations.
Provided our Customers with the highest quality product attainable.
Created, maintained and ensured operation within all processes and policies.
Extended brilliance across all lines of the business and advance innovative ideologies to make TD Bank the better bank.
Managed the construction, procurement and vendor management divisions.
Spearheaded the organic growth of the Bank from its initial stages in the Washington DC Market.
Secured a completely new team of attorneys, contractors, vendors, engineers, expediters and project managers responsible to schedule,
budget, permit, contract and construct stores in Maryland, Virginia and Washington DC.
Educated and drove adherence against all company policies and processes.
Supervised a team of multiple project managers.
Company Name
 
City
 
Director of Construction
 
01/2000
 
to 
01/2002
Managed a team of ten employees in the design and construction and maintenance of restaurants throughout the United States.
Through value engineering and change management, reduced the average store total project cost and construction duration.
Designed real estate strategies, managed pipeline and prepared the annual capital budget.
Managed the team executing all project milestones.
Developed new consultants, vendors and contractors.
Company Name
 
Construction Manager
 
01/1999
 
to 
01/2000
Supervised new and major remodel construction throughout the Northeast US.
Developed feasibility packages, budgets, schedules, business cases and real estate agreements.
Worked with various towns, utility providers and agencies to gather permits.
Conducted the presentation of applications to various municipalities at public hearings.
Teamed with public affair experts and political consultants to assist development throughout the region by reducing permit timeframes and
removing roadblocks.
Delivered the best quality and profitable restaurants to the Customer.
Company Name
 
Project Engineer
 
01/1996
 
to 
01/1999
Supervised construction projects over a geography covering 112 stations throughout three states and fourteen counties.
Ensured all locations were properly maintained and compliant with all laws and regulations.
Performed inspections, supervised projects and ensured a safe and efficient working environment at each station.
Prepared bids, purchase orders and waste stream estimates.
Organized the disposal of wastes in compliance with EPA and local regulations.
Education and Training
Masters of Science
 
:
 
Environmental Technology
 
2000
 
NEW YORK INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
Environmental Technology
B.C.E
 
:
 
Civil Engineering
 
1996
 
VILLANOVA UNIVERSITY
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
Civil Engineering
ICSC, CoreNET, USGBC, GBCI, REEB and American Society of Civil Engineers (A.S.C.E.) Certifications: 
CoreNET MCR (In Progress),
Lean Six Sigma (In Progress); LEED Green Associate
 
2013
Top 10 Real Estate Professional under 40
 
Leadership Profile: Integrity, Transparency, Inspirational, Decisive, Impactful, Loyal, People Leader,
Passionate, Competitive, Solid Judgment Skills: 
Key functional experience in Real Estate Law, Finance, Transactions, Construction Management,
Market Planning, Data Analytics, Program Management, Change Management and Communications, Procurement, Facility Management, Lease
Administration, Risk Management and Compliance, Strategic Sourcing, Vendor Management, Mergers and Acquisitions
Skillsbudgets, budget, C, Change Management, Competitive, consolidations, Construction Management, contract administration, contracts, DC, design
and construction, driving, Facility Management, Finance, functional, Leadership, Law, legal documents, Director, Market Planning, Market,
Mergers and Acquisitions, new construction, policies, processes, Procurement, Program Management, Progress, Project Management,
purchasing, quality, Real Estate, renovations, Retail, Risk Management, Six Sigma, Strategy, strategic development, Strategic Sourcing, Vendor
Management