BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE
Summary
Process oriented Data Analyst and Delivery Lead with 5+ years proven track record of analyzing Business Intelligence to increase top line and
bottom line of the business vertical. Reduced costs of manufacturing signaling systems by 10% and increased sales by 25% by analyzing operating
data. 
Closely worked with business clients and SMEs to collect, clarify and translate business requirements into functional and technical
requirements. Demonstrated logical and strategic thinking, leadership and organizational skills, contingency planning and adaptability to new
technologies. Distinguishing ability to simultaneously manage multiple Clients, work closely with the Leadership team and be a complete Team
Player, to successfully design, implement and deliver complicated projects against challenging deadlines, whilst keeping the teams in sync and
motivated. Pursuing MS in Information Systems in Big Data Analytics and looking to leverage skills and experience to grow in the field of Data
Analytics by contributing towards effective business decisions.
Skills
Python
SQL
Java
R
Excel
Tableau
Statistical Analysis
Multiple Linear Regression
CERTIFICATION
Sun Certified Java Associate
Experience
Business Development Executive
 
Nov 2011
 
to 
Jun 2014
 
Company Name
New project, was involved in gathering business requirements from client, creating process documents for the product, working with supply
chain and operations team to forecast delivery schedule.
Analyzed BI data of similar projects and reduced implementation and delivery time by 22% by introducing additional station for bottle neck
processes and dividing inspection stage in to steps.
Created test documentation for the product based on client testing requirements.
Managed multiple (5+) vendors to ensure on time delivery.
Closely monitored quality issues using statistical analysis, achieving 98% first pass rate which resulted in increasing profit margin by 11 % in
comparison with initial projection.
Lead a team involved in Transfer of Technology between the Client and the Organization.
Ensured satisfactory Test and Deployment on client site, in France.
Delivery Lead
 
Jan 2009
 
to 
Feb 2011
 
Management Trainee
 
Sep 2008
 
to 
Dec 2008
 
Company Name
Education and Training
GEORGIA STATE UNIVERSITY
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Master of Science
 
, 
Information Systems
 
July 2018
 
J. Mack Robinson College of Business
 
Information Systems
VISWESWARAIAH TECHNOLOGICAL UNIVERSITY
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
India
Bachelor of Engineering
 
, 
Information Science
 
June 2008
 
Vidyavardhaka College of Engineering
 
Information Science
Interests
Worked for upliftment of multiple orphanages in Mysore, India as part of INTERACT club (Wing of Rotary Club) from 1998-2000. Founder
Member of placement service committee ILLUMINATI during undergrad. Actively involved in Go Green initiatives at Kaynes Technology
including Vehicle Emission Check drives and Tree Planting initiatives along with local Municipal Corporations.
Skills
Business Development, BI, Client, clients, delivery, dimensions, Documentation, ERP, inspection, Inventory, Java, Team Development, Director,
Excel, 98, Process Control, processes, profit, Project management, Python, quality, sales, SQL, Statistical Analysis, Sun, supply chain, Tableau,
Vendor Management
Additional Information
EXTRA CURRICULAR Worked for upliftment of multiple orphanages in Mysore, India as part of INTERACT club (Wing of Rotary
Club) from 1998-2000. Founder Member of placement service committee ILLUMINATI during undergrad. Actively involved in Go Green
initiatives at Kaynes Technology including Vehicle Emission Check drives and Tree Planting initiatives along with local Municipal
Corporations.