TAX COLLECTOR OFFICER
Professional Summary
Entrepreneurial Marketing Officer
 Â passionate about building productive relationships with clients, partners and team members. New customer
acquisition expert who emphasizes a mix of online and offline marketing strategies.
Core Qualifications
Corporate Presentation 
Publicity
Press Release 
Customer Service
Media 
Event Planning
Speeches 
Editing
Social Media Marketing 
Media Strategy
Business Planning 
Strong management skills
Market Analysis 
Marketing Communications
Leadership 
Customer relationship
Advertising 
Writing
Power Point 
Project Management
Microsoft Word 
Marketing Strategies
Excel 
Business Development
Retailing 
Persuasive Communication
Staffing 
Corporate Communications
Ethics Internet, PC, Widows, 2000, XP, Vista, Windows 8, Operating System Office (Word,
Excel, PowerPoint, Publisher, Outlook). Mac IOS, (Pages, Numbers, Keynote)
Photoshop, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and email.
Fluent in English 
andÂ SpanishÂ 
Articulate public speaker
Media relations
Strategic media placement
Interactive marketing
Channel strategy
Brand development
New customer acquisition
Stakeholder relations
Experience
01/2013
 
to 
01/2016
Tax Collector Officer
 
Company Name
Collect and distribute local property taxes on behalf of the state to fund vital services such as schools, roads, cities, and parks.
Selected accomplishments: Certificated collector in photo enforcement system Maintained the highest level of quality control and ensure that
staff members took the best possible corrective actions base on proven collections methods Director of the Renace Homeless Shelter
(2012ï¿½ 2013) Municipality of Yauco Establish alliances with nonprofit Organization.
Balance the budget of the organization.
Supervise the direction of the organization including the strategies and policies.
Selected accomplishments: Prevent Individuals and Family's to becoming homeless Increase the homeless outreach project in a 80% Able
to provide high standards of financial control in a 60% Member of the Coalition of Homeless People of Puerto Rico Launched campaign in
favor of homeless people 1.
01/2010
 
to 
01/2012
Public Relations Officer
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Municipality of Yauco Developing and implementing communication strategies for the organization, and advising management on
communication issues and strategies.
Coordinated monthly and quarterly marketing and community events, such as 
Jobs fairs and health fairs
 
Selected accomplishments: Establish alliance with twelve community boards Maintained relationships wit all media sources including
journalists and news persons Wrote and distributed a community news letter to help promote events District Office of Puerto Rico,
Congress of United States.
08/2007
 
to 
12/2007
Communication Officer
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Manage internal and external communication including social media, creating and executing communications strategies Selected
accomplishments: Implemented strategies to develop innovating communication tools.
Media Monitoring (Clipping) to establish strategy to achieve or goal.
08/2003
 
to 
05/2009
Journalist
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Analyze and collect information through various modes such as personal interviews and news briefings to prepare news reports.Analyze and collect information through various modes such as personal interviews and news briefings to prepare news reports.
Prepare reports to keep the public informed about daily happenings.
Coordinate with news editor and fellow reporters to develop story ideas for report writing.
Maintain relations with all news sources on daily basis to develop story ideas and compile appropriate reports.
Selected accomplishments: Maintain excellent working relationship with production crew and producers.
Produce a sport section for one year 2.
Accomplishments
Initiated a public relations campaign for a non-profit on a tight budget.
Promoted to Lead Anchor after just 
twelve
 Â months with 
Catholic News TV
Education
2016
Business Administration (Marketing)
 
Pontifical Catholic University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
Puerto Rico
 
Business Administration (Marketing)
2008
BBA
 
: 
Radio Communication
 
Pontifical Catholic University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
Puerto Rico
 
Radio Communication
Skills
Photoshop, Advertising, Balance, budget, Business Development, Business Planning, conferences, Corporate Communications, Customer Service,
direction, Editing, editor, email, Event Planning, financial control, Leadership, Mac, Director, management skills, Market Analysis, Marketing
Strategies, Marketing, Marketing Communications, Excel, Office, Outlook, PowerPoint, Power Point, Publisher, Windows 8, 2000, Word,
Microsoft Word, Operating System, Organizing, Persuasive, policies, Press, Project Management, Publicity, quality control, report writing,
Speeches, Staffing, Strategy, taxes, Vista
Additional Information
PROFESIONAL ORGANIZATIONS President (2006-2008) Communication's Student Organization of the Catholic University, as
President Responsibility: Managing the budge. Create Leaders for the future, establish innovation to give new direction to the organization,
Coordinated Academic Conferences. Raising awareness of Social Responsibility.