IT SUPPORT OFFICER
Executive Profile
Seeking assignments in Hardware Network Servers Technical Support with an organization to deliver results by leveraging strong exposure in IT
Operations. Cisco certified Network Associates with nearly 6 year & 3 months of experience in Site & Networking Operations, Installation,
Configuration, Technical Support/Troubleshooting, Incident Management as well as Client Servicing. Server 2k3, 2k8 & Ubuntu server
configuration, Network Configuration, implementation of DHCP Server, File server, DNS server and Network Monitoring tools. An effective
communicator with excellent skills in building relationships Possess, strong analytical, problem solving and organizational abilities. Assembling and
disassembling PC, motherboard, hard disk drives, and working with local and network printer, configure cable UTP,STP, coaxial Key Highlights
Manage the data server and data security. Successfully performed configuration of NAS Server, AD Server, Child Domain, Cisco Router,
Firewalls, 
Network Printers, Provided expertise in installation and management of IT infrastructure for Cisco routers, switches, Servers and Thin
client, Systems, Network Cables, Network Printers,Softwares etc. Delivered a successful up gradation of Enterprise Domain server from
windows 2003 to 2008. Received appreciation from Client's Top Management for providing value addition to the project by automating certain
tasks and saving time and resources.
Skill Highlights
Configuration and managing VMware workstation server and creating virtual systems.
Windows XP, Vista, Windows7 and Windows 8
Working in Microsoft office 2003 and 2007.
Working in Kingsoft Office, Libre Office
Working in thunderbird mail, outlook mail PME mail.
Local and external network monitoring.
Computer Hardware Assembling, Dissembling, configuration and maintenance of computers and Troubleshooting of PC and printer's
problem.
Other Software 
Knowledge of ERP, Time desk , CCTV, 
PPC, Tally. ESS and CHS etc.
Professional Experience
IT Support Officer
 
March 2011
 
to 
August 2015
 
Company Name
System Administrator
 
April 2010
 
to 
January 2011
 
Company Name
Lab Technician Technical Support
 
April 2009
 
to 
March 2010
 
Company Name
Comprehensive knowledge of CISCO networking technologies and Protocols.
Handling the network infrastructure LAN/WAN, migration & configuration of network Devices (Routers, Switches, Firewalls etc.).
Skilled in planning and implementing LAN/WAN solutions.
Configuring Routing protocols (RIP, EIGRP.
OSPF, Static and Default Route) Assisting in the design & implementation of the network and troubleshooting.
Troubleshooting Extending high-end technical support on various Servers and ensuring high customer satisfaction levels through prompt
redressal of their problems.
Configuring and troubleshooting IP Phones, Network Printers and Virtual Interface (VMWare) related issues.
Assigning user nodes to various devices installed and networked, handle allocation and protection of user rights, as per company's policies.
Configuration and Maintaining LAN installing Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, FTP, TELNET,User profile, Remote Connectivity, Assigning
IP Address, Managing Local and Domain User's Account, and sharing Permission, Terminal Services, Trusting, Software Deployment etc.
Configure windows server 2003 and 2008 with Active Directory ,Terminal Server 
Group Policy and manage Data server with security.
SAP Basis Client GUI installation.
SAP Online Support System Backup and Recovery DR to HADR Data synchronization Monitoring.
User management Transaction Lock/Unlock User Authorization and Users Role Windows Servers Microsoft active directory services,
Server 2003-2008, Configure Domain security policies, Local security policies Configure and manage File server and Share Folders.
Design: DNS and DHCP servers in 2003-2008 Server.
Configure and Manage Users profiles.
share folders and implementing group polices.
Configuration Microsoft Terminal services, RDP, and other remote access tools.
Education
B.A
 
EIILM University
 
ï¼​ 
City
Higher Secondary passed From M.P. Board Bhopal. High School passed From M.P. Board Bhopal. Professional Certifications MCP Microsoft
Certified Professional fist paper clear of 
administering Windows Server 2012 in June 2013. (ID No. 10171726) CCNA - Cisco Certified
Network Associates in Dec. 2009. 
(ID No. 11716258) JCHNP- Jetking Certified Hardware Networking Professional from jetking infotrain
limited ,A.B. Road Indore
M.P
 
: 
2010
Professional Affiliations
National Council For Vocational Training from Neocorp International Ltd 
Pithampur in Nov - 2013. Major Attainments Accredited with Best
Cricketer Award from Neocorp Internation LTD Inter Tournament in Indore (2014). Personal Vitae Father's name 
: 
Mr. Govind 
Singh Lodhi
Date of birth 
: 
1st Jan 1988.
Personal InformationMarital status 
: 
Married. Hobbies 
: 
Playing Cricket Permanent Address 
: 
Village:- 
Jhinna , Post:- Abhana , Disit:- Damoh , (M.P.) Pin Code :-
470662 Declaration I here by declare that whatever information I have given above is correct according to the best of my knowledge.
Languages
English, Hindi.
Skills
Active Directory, Backup, CCNA, CISCO, Cisco Certified, Computer Hardware, Hardware, Client, customer satisfaction, Dec, DHCP, DNS,
EIGRP, English, ERP, Firewalls, FTP, GUI, Hindi, IP, LAN, Managing, access, Microsoft Certified Professional, MCP, mail, Microsoft office,
Office, outlook, Windows 8, Windows, Windows7, Windows XP, migration, ESS, Network Associates, Network Printers, network and
troubleshooting, network, Networking, OSPF, policies, printer, Protocols, RIP, Routers, Routing, SAP, SAP Basis, Servers, Switches, technical
support, Phones, TELNET, Terminal Server, Troubleshooting, Vista, WAN, Windows Server
Additional Information
Marital status 
: 
Married. Hobbies 
: 
Playing Cricket Permanent Address 
: 
Village:- 
Jhinna , Post:- Abhana , Disit:- Damoh , (M.P.) Pin Code
:- 470662 Declaration I here by declare that whatever information I have given above is correct according to the best of my knowledge.