CHEF
Career Focus
I am a nursing student who has recently obtained my CNA license in this state. 
I worked as a GNA in the UK and it has been a passion ever
since. 
I am confident that I would make a wonderful candidate for this position. 
From 
he beginning of taking my prerequisite classes for Nursing
School. 
I have ebb driven yet still personable. 
My record shows me to muti-task oriented.
I have the experience of always having with and caring deeply for people. 
While my grades have always been exceptional, my clinical experience
was accomplished. 
I do not want to sound arrogant - I am truly confident that with my strong work ethic, an willingness to learn, I would surely be
an asset to the St.Joseph's Medical team. 
I think you for your time.
Summary of Skills
Understands mobility assistance needs
Charting expertise
Understands medical procedures
Trained in grooming and bathing assistance
General housekeeping ability
Trained in catheter change and preparation
Calm and level-headed under duress
Quick problem solver
Valid [state] driver's license
Reliable transportation
Medical terminology knowledge
Experience
March 2007
 
to 
December 2008
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Chef
Extensive knowledge of all aspects of the food industry as well as the natural foods industry.
I have a degree in Culinary arts and Chef in a fine dining establishment - I have an attention to
.
January 2005
 
to 
January 2007
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
CNA/GNA within Assisted living fascility
Observed and documented patient status and reported patient complaints to the case manager.
Read and recorded temperature, pulse and respiration.
Massaged patients and applied preparations and treatments, such as liniment, alcohol rubs and heat-lamp stimulation.
Completed and submitted clinical documentation in accordance with agency guidelines.
Prepared patient rooms prior to their arrival.
Collected urine and fecal samples.
Support duties for diagnostic and technical treatment procedures, such as setting up and operating special medical equipment and apparatus.
Assisted with adequate nutrition and fluid intake.
Directed patients in prescribed range of motion exercises and in the use of braces or artificial limbs.
Provided transportation, assistance and companionship to clients.
Cleaned and organized patients' living quarters.
Positioned residents for comfort and to prevent skin pressure problems.
Assisted with transferring residents in and out of wheelchairs and adaptive equipment.
Kept facility stocked with necessary supplies, equipment and instruments.
Provided personal nursing care in pre- and post-operative situations.
Performed routine tests such as urine dip stick, vision and hearing tests.
Tended to patients with chronic illnesses.
Assisted nurses with cleaning rectal tube, G-tube, J-tube, and regular catheter insertion.
Charted daily information on the residents such as mood changes, mobility activity, eating percentages, and daily inputs and outputs.Recognized and reported abnormalities and/or changes in 
patients' health status to nursing staff.
Assisted with ADLs.
Provided patients and families with emotional support.Exhibited compassionate care and communication with regard to issues of death and dying.
Sensitive to the needs of geriatric patients.
Administered simple range of motion exercises.
Promoted continuity of care by accurately and completely communicating to other caregivers the status of patients for which care is provided.
Promoted personal and co-worker safety.
Participated in the maintenance of safe conditions within the facility and other related areas.
Maintained a clean, orderly and well-stocked environment.
February 1998
 
to 
December 2004
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Office Manager
Point of contact for all contacts
Sales for commercial grounds maintenance company
All office operations
Experience
Positioned residents for comfort and to prevent skin pressure problems.
Read and recorded temperature, pulse and respiration.
Massaged patients and applied preparations and treatments, such as liniment, alcohol rubs, and heat-lamp stimulation.
Completed and submitted clinical documentation in accordance with agency guidelines.
Prepared patient rooms prior to their arrival.Provided pre- and post-operative care.
Assisted patients with bathing, oral hygiene, grooming, feeding and elimination.
Helped patients move in and out of beds, baths, wheelchairs and automobiles.
Cooked appetizing and satisfying meals and snacks.
Scheduled and accompanied clients to medical appointments.
Followed safe lifting techniques and individual resident lifting instructions.
Maintained sanitary conditions in residents' and program rooms.
Transported patients to other areas of the hospital in wheelchairs and gurneys.
Assisted in cleansing enemas, catheterization and bladder irrigations.
Assisted patients with ambulation and crutch walking.
Provided pre- and post-operative nursing care.
Provided necessary supplies, support and assistance to medical staff and patients for unit specific procedures.
Tended to patients with chronic illnesses.
Tended to patients with chronic illnesses.
Assisted nurses with cleaning rectal tube, G-tube, J-tube and regular catheter insertion.
Charted information about residents such as mood changes, mobility activity, eating percentages and daily inputs and outputs.
Recognized and reported abnormalities and/or changes in the patients' health status to nursing staff.
Documented resident records on daily flow sheets.Collects patient specimens and data, including vital signs, input/output and other necessary
measurements.Provided patients and families with emotional support.Compassionate care and communication in dealing with issues of death anddying.Displayed sensitivity to the needs of geriatric patients.Administered and guided patients through simple range of motion exercises.
Comforted patients and provided them with reassurance and encouragement.
Promoted continuity of care by communicating patients' status to family members and other caregivers.
Promoted personal and co-worker safety.
Promoted personal and co-worker safety.
Participated in the maintenance of safe conditions within the facility and other related areas.Responded appropriately to the physical, emotional and
developmental needs of patients.
Work History
June 2011
 
to 
August 2014
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Private Chef
Education and Coursework
Baltimore International College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
 
Culinary Arts
 
AA degree
Culinary Arts
GPA 4.0
Coursework in GEN ED - plus CULINARY Arts
Deans list every year
Coursework in Anatomy, Physiology and Health Assessments[Name] Academic Achievement Award
Interests
Currently a nursing student at CCBC. 
Community Involvement Volunteered over the years for various local and international groups including
Moveable Feast, United Way, as well as a church group that involved volunteering in the Dominican Republic for 9 months.
Additional Information
Currently a nursing student at CCBC.
Community Involvement Volunteered over the years for various local and international groups including Moveable Feast, United Way, as
well as a church group that involved volunteering in the Dominican Republic for 9 months.
I took care of sick children in the Subsaharan conditions of Haiti and the DR.
Skills
arts, clients, customer service, office, natural, Sales