BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT REP
Summary
Results-oriented, high-energy, ambitious marketing professional, with a successful record of accomplishments. 10+ years' experience in sales,
marketing, and business development. Passionate, skilled social media expert with five years of experience managing professional social media
accounts and content marketing. Major strengths include strong team leadership, excellent communication skills, competency, versatility, attention
to detail, as well as supervisory skills including hiring, termination, scheduling, training, and other administrative tasks. Thrives in fast-paced
environments and adheres to tight deadlines using time management. Thorough knowledge of current and emerging digital marketing trends with a
clear vision to accomplish company goals. Proven ability to drive company growth and brand awareness through creative and highly effective
communications. Recognized by co-workers and managers for being a positive, self-starter with an exceptional work ethic and the ability to multi-
task. Three years of working in a virtual environment while maintaining a record of exceeding monthly goals.
Experience
Company Name
 
September 2015
 
to 
July 2017
 
Business Development Rep
 
City
 
, 
State
Reached daily goal set by the company 90% of each month by generating warm leads for contracted vendors 
sales teams who provide
business technology services.
Met revenue and lead generation goals by means of proactive outbound prospecting making 200+ calls 
per day.
Used strong selling and influencing skills to qualify an average of 10-15 quality leads per day.
Logged customer contacts and exceptional notes in company CRM, Halo.
Attended sales meetings, vendor training, local trade shows to stay current on technology and SaaS.
Company Name
 
January 2015
 
to 
February 2017
 
City
 
, 
State
Created and managed new social media profiles for Drycon Carpets Nashville and within 3 months they 
achieved the highest month of sales
in June 2016.
In July 2016 the sales increased by 22%.
Planned and executed successful SEO and PPC campaigns using AdSense and AdWords.
Implemented current marketing trends within digital strategies for projects throughout various industries.
Designed responsive, user-friendly websites for clients in various B2B and B2C industries to build brand 
awareness, increase online traffic
and generate new and repeat sales via WordPress, Wix, and GoDaddy 
platforms.
Implemented and managed SEO best practices for websites, social media posts, blogs and other online 
content.
Used keyword analysis based on industry using SpyFu and Jaxxy.
Created and implemented automated email marketing campaigns using MailChimp, Hubspot, and AWeber.
Created, managed, and/or updated social media presence including industry specific content and optimized 
posts by using Hootsuite, Buffer,
and Co-Schedule.
Optimized and planned successful online marketing ads to targeted audiences based on budget spend 
provided by clients via Facebook
Ads, Twitter Ads, Instagram.
Company Name
 
March 2008
 
to 
May 2014
 
Business Development Coordinator
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for on-boarding and operations: 4 new customers in 2012 that represented over $2.25M of the 
annual revenue and 10 new
customers in 2013 with top-line contribution to the organization of $5.6M which 
equaled 18% YTD growth and 102% to plan.
Key account relationship management for top 3 fulfillment customers: saved $400,000 of business to 
competitive threat, despite 4% higher
price.
Worked cross-functionally with IT and operations to implement B2B solutions that were client specific.
Oversight of margin management, impacting a 1.25% improvement in profitability in a competitive wholesale 
distribution business.
Achieved new account sales quota 6 out of 7 years at 97.5% to plan.
Key contributor to a start-up business unit/division implementing e-commerce - a fulfillment solution 
which resulted in $1.2+M first year of
launch.
Assisted in designing literature, webinar content, education materials, and internal/external communication 
of value proposition to
prospective customers, still utilized today.
Managed enrollment and booth set-up for multiple trade association/shows per year.
Recruited 28 multi-million dollar distributor accounts over 3 years.
Co-managed travel and expense budget to plan in excess of $56K annually.
Coordinated travel and support required to service high profile customers.
Briefed VP of Business Development on day-to-day issues affecting business development and identified areas 
of opportunity and
improvement.
Designed and created marketing collateral for sales meetings, trade shows and company executives, saving 
NDC thousands of dollars on
creative outsourcing each year.
Implemented and evolved high-impact strategies to target new business opportunities and tap into new 
markets.
Developed and improved marketing and promotional opportunities for non-traditional markets and 
new/existing member recruitment.
Monitored market conditions, product innovations, competitor activity, and adjusted sales approach to 
address latest market developments
with existing and future accounts.
Delivered exceptional customer service to existing accounts and prospects to strengthen customer loyalty.
Provided executive level administrative duties as needed including .January 2005
 
to 
January 2008
 
Assistant Site Manager
 
City
 
, 
State
Assisted in managing a team of 5 professionals and performed administrative duties as needed.
Performed managerial duties in the absence of the Site Manager to keep business activities progressing.
Served as a mentor to junior team members and influenced them to grow professionally within the company.
Streamlined strategic initiatives to ensure the maximum amount of mortgage loans were closed each month 
for Regions Bank.
Created new processes and systems that were implemented to increase customer service satisfaction.
Resolved data issues for completed appraisals and title work in a timely manner before submitting completed 
documents to Regions
mortgage processing center.
Managed quality communication, customer support and product representation for top client, Regions Bank.
Education and Training
Full Sail University
 
Masters of Science
 
: 
Internet Marketing
 
Internet Marketing
University of Phoenix
 
Bachelors of Science
 
: 
Marketing Business
 
Marketing Business
July 2016
 
Accredited in Medical Sales - HIDA - January 2010-January 2013 Digital Marketing - Shaw Academy -
August 2016
 
Blogging and Content Management - Shaw Academy -
February 2017
 
Web Development - Shaw Academy -
Skills
administrative duties, Ad, Ads, approach, B2B, Budget Planning, budget, business development, competitive, content, Content Management,
CRM, client, clients, customer service, customer support, designing, e-commerce, E-mail, email, Google Analytics, HTML, Image, notes,
managerial, managing, Marketing Strategy, marketing, market, marketing collateral, materials, Medical Sales, meetings, mentor, 97, mortgage
loans, online marketing, processes, Project Management, quality, recruitment, relationship management, selling, sales, strategic, trade shows, Web
Development, websites