BUSINESS CONSULTANT
Professional Summary
IT Business/Sales/Operations position where my experience and technical knowledge can contribute and positively impact strategic improvements.
Drive and support change for process improvement, implement technology solutions in fast paced evolving environments. I enjoy interacting with
people to solve problems creatively and appreciate working in a diverse environment.
Â Technology / OPERATIONS 10+ years working in technical and operations environments supporting engineering, human resources, operations
and finance teams. Procure hardware and software, provide quotes, detailed reporting utilizing an Access and CRM/Salesforce databases.
Manage projects, timelines and teams to improve quality of methods and presentations to key stakeholders. IT Helpdesk response team - build
client and server systems to business specifications, install OS, applications based on department needs, utilize Active Directory to provide
updated information to management, deploy hardware, software, troubleshoot and resolve issues on notebooks, desktop and servers. Supporting
Microsoft, MAC OS, Android and iPhones. MCSE and Currently enrolled in Apple Training. Track and analyze technical training, developed
curriculum, procured software and implemented courses for engineers and management. Prioritized organizational needs, attention to detail within
project timelines to exceed business requirements for technical training certifications. Microsoft Office Expert Support strategic initiatives by
maintaining servers and systems, on site DR implementation. Utilizing MS Active Directory and iOS MDM to monitor systems and applications,
support, troubleshoot and provide appropriate application access to cross functional teams while maintaining system uptime. Management Led the
internal IT Team and team of IT consultants to successfully rollout 22 branch Microsoft Exchange migration. Prepared the environment, managed
the train the trainer for the business teams and successfully completed the migration within the 6-month timeframe, exceeding the requirements in
preparation for the company acquisition. Offered a new position within the new company. Lead and built strong relationships with the business
units, program managers, engineering and management to identify technology needs, brain storm solutions, document and implement new
processes which defined and exceeded management operational goals and KPIs. Direct Sales teams to position products and services which
would drive margin improvements. Provide weekly cost/benefit analysis reports which lead to 94% increase in complete responses for
RFQ's/RFP's and SOWs. Sales 6+ years Field Sales providing Mobility, Data Center, Networking, Cloud, Security, and Professional services
and solutions to Enterprise customers. Understand the customer needs, goals and KPI's and their IT environment to be able to provide the
appropriate technology solution, or alternative solution to solve problems. Partner with subject matter experts to deliver web-based solutions to C-
level executives, IT teams and procurement. Build and establish solid relationships with customers to understand their current technical
environment, growth initiatives and end goals to better provide services and solutions which solve immediate challenges and a path to meeting their
end goals. Provide technical presentations, manage product life cycles, partner with OEMs and distribution channels to exceed customer
satisfaction from order to fulfillment. Consistently build pipeline to meet and exceed 3X goals, forecast monthly/quarterly revenues and margin.
Customer focused, oversee the technical team in execution of services and results, meeting and exceeding customers KPI's and business goals.
Power user with Microsoft Dynamics CRM and Salesforce. Utilizing research engines and web tools understand the competition, search for new
accounts with projects that align with our solutions and services to call. Document all activities within CRM/Salesforce. Communication
Interpersonal and cross-functional communication skills, effective presentations, ability to multi-task and prioritize, time management. Creative,
confident, always learning and flexible in understanding needs and working with diverse teams. Ability to share technical information with non-
technical teams where they can relate and understand in a non-condescending, positive and learning environment.
Skills
Complex data transformations
Data operations abilities
Ability to validate data
Exceptional interpersonal communication
Project development
Goal attainment
Organized
Operations management
Project management
Conflict resolution
Efficient multi-tasker
Deadline-oriented
Relationship building
Coaching and mentoring
Customer service
Verbal and written communication
Work History
01/2018
 
to 
Current
business Consultant
Discuss customer requirements, analyze business practices, recommend appropriate business models, recommend process improvement,
research and review financial systems, interview candidates, create business plan, implement business plans, assist customer in projects
needing improvement and resolve client issues.
02/2016
 
to 
12/2017
Field Account Executive
 
Company Name
 
8 a.m.
5 P.M.
oncall 24 x 7) New Account Development.identify prospects, documenting information on environment and current partners, cold calling, establish and build relationships to develop
business solutions for the datacenter, cloud, security, mobility solutions and professional services.
Exceed customer satisfaction with consistent focus and communications to my customers building long term credibility, Customer First.
On target 2017, 2016 103% margin goals.
power user with Microsoft Dynamics CRM, certified Cisco Business Value Analyst, MCSE, VMWare Solutions Professional Won and
signed Professional Services contract with the largest retail customer in the Northeast.
Represented the Northeast Sales Team at Diversity Events.
Participated in numerous events and activities held by the GNEMSDC.
06/2011
 
to 
05/2015
commercial account executive
 
Company Name
 
8 a.m.
5 P.M.
oncall 24 x 7).
Established solid relationships, maintained and defended existing customers while identifying, qualifying, building, closing net new business.
Consistently meeting and exceeding the annual Sales Quota of $21M+- FY11 - 105%, FY12 - 145%, FY13 127%, FY14 136% -
Awarded Sales Warrior FY14 increasing margin overall by selling better products with higher margin retention.
Saleforce.com power user, building reports, extracting data, daily pipeline updates and weekly forecasting utilizing Salesforce and
knowledge from customer meetings.
06/2005
 
to 
06/2011
business operations analyst
 
Company Name
 
8 a.m.
5 p.m.
Operations Support to the Northeast and Southeast Sales teams, assist teams in building revenues exceeding $4B annually while maintaining
healthy margin, monitoring revenues to meet business goals.
Compile and deliver weekly reports to Sales Management, identifying key areas and issues of focus, products generating highest
margin/revenues and overall success compared to other regions in the U.S.
Provide products, services and technical configurations to Request for Pricing (RFP) and Response for Quotes (RFQ) for customers
throughout the eastern U.S.
Implementing and maintaining sales leadership strategy by consistently working on improving margin with positioning key products.
Assist in influencing business growth in areas specific to product and solutions to exceed customer needs.
Liaison between Sales, Product Management, GBU's, Engineering, participating in meetings and calls to discuss technical updates, product
releases, issues and roadblocks with potential solutions.
Present highlights and key information to the sales teams at weekly meetings.
Strategic focus to increase product penetration, utilizing product changes and refresh solutions while maintaining customer satisfaction and
building a get-well plan for recovery of margin and revenue in those accounts and areas that did not meet sales management expectations.
sales Operations - Excellence coach |Compaq computer corporation | October 2002 - june 2005 8 a.m.
5 p.m.
Promoted from Inside Sales Executive after 4 months supporting enterprise accounts which exceed $500M in mobility sales to coach and
develop inside sales teams and their supervisors utilizing recorded calls, product sales and department performance reports.
Developed team members for compliancy, call quality, accuracy of information and productivity.
Improved outbound sales calls performance by 137% increase in sales performance over a 6-month period.
Evaluated the Inside Sales process, accessibility of information needed while cold calling, resulting in streamlining Inside Sales teams access
to resources, manuals, product information and promotions on a second display.
Positive results in providing customers with immediate responses and information resulted in higher sales, confidence in Inside Sales teams
and overall satisfaction and performance.
This initiated a new monthly sales incentive program which monitored and captured the tools and resources used in the successful sales
process.
Utilize CRM and Access database results to provide analytics and statistics for data center calls, build and create reports, spreadsheets,
charts and present to management weekly, identify areas of improvement for sales performance, establish programs to meet new
requirements and train individuals/teams on how to meet/exceed new criteria for call center success.
director of information technology | metrowest bank | may 2001 - october 2002 8 a.m.
5 p.m.
oncall 24 x 7) Reporting into the VP of Operations, managed and lead the IT infrastructure team on daily and strategic IT initiatives and
business process re-engineering.
Managed the migration of 22 branches from Lotus Notes to Microsoft Exchange in preparation for the bank to be acquired.
Collaboratively met with and worked with the functional departments implementing technology to streamline and consolidate time consuming
processes, including outsourcing a legacy manual check process, which resulted in no downtime or delay in check distribution.
systems software engineer | compaq computer company | June 1995 - May 2001 8 a.m.
5 p.m.
oncall 24 x 7) Helpdesk/technical support for Multivendor Systems Engineering.
Built/configured hardware, install software, troubleshoot, maintain driver updates and perform system backups.
Work on desktops, laptops, workstations, servers.Utilized Microsoft System Center Management Tools, Ghost, manage the Exchange Server for the MSE Team.
Acquired Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer digital equipment corporation | operations manager information security 8 a.m.
5 p.m.
Managed, maintained the Access data base to capture, monitor, report potential security issues on client machines, set security parameters
within the engineering organization.
Weekly reports/updates to management to determine potential breech.
U.S.
travel to train groups within the company on compliance, identify areas of concern and information critical to protect.
Skills
streamline, Analyst, develop business, business plan, business plans, business process re-engineering, call center, charts, Cisco, closing, coach,
cold calling, com, Compaq, hardware, CRM, client, customer satisfaction, data base, desktops, financial, focus, forecasting, functional, Ghost,
information security 8, information technology, Inside Sales, IT Support, laptops, leadership, Lotus Notes, director, meetings, Access, Access
database, Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer, MCSE, Microsoft Dynamics, Exchange Server, Microsoft Exchange, migration, enterprise,
positioning, Pricing, processes, process improvement, Product Management, quality, Reporting, research, retail, RFP, selling, Sales, sales
management, servers, software engineer, install software, spreadsheets, statistics, strategy, Strategic, Systems Engineering, technical support,
troubleshoot
Education
Degree
 
:
Google IT Support Certificate - currently enrolled via Coursera
 
:
May 2018
AS
 
: 
Computer Information Systems
 
Mount Wachusett Community College
 
- 
Computer Information Systems
BS
 
: 
Business Management
 
Lesley University
 
- 
Business Management
AS
 
: 
Business Administration
 
Mount Wachusett Community College
 
- 
Business Administration