CONSTRUCTION HELPER
Summary
Hardworking and 
Experienced Construction Worker who is dependable, 
reliable and 
knowledgeable about the tools, materials and methods used
in construction.Motivated to get along well with others and exceed expectations. With three years of experience in the carpentry trade and
construction.
Highlights
Residential construction
Leadership
Exceptional problem solver
Sandbagging
Excellent driving record
Strong communication skills
Friendly and hardworking
Detail-oriented
Accomplishments
Led a crew of eight general construction laborers.
Successfully ran a general contracting business of two houses.
Experience
July 2008
 
to 
January 2010
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Construction helper
Extensively trained in carpentry, painting, plastering, machine servicing and installation. Cleaned all construction areas to avoid hazards.
Removed old roofing materials in an efficient manner.Installed and repaired roofs, flashings and surfaces. Completed indoor and outdoor residential
and commercial construction projects.Swept and cleaned roofs to prepare them for the application of new roofing materials.Applied paint to
unfinished edges of plastic panels using a hand roller.Arranged and stored materials, machines, tools and equipment.Cut materials to specified sizes
for installation using power saws and tile cutters.Transported materials, tools and machines to installation sites.Worked with tools such as pruning
saws, hedge and brush trimmers and axes.
May 2007
 
to 
September 2007
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Carpenter Helper
Installed cabinets, base cabinets and crown molding.Built and stained oak casing and hardwood floors.Constructed custom built-in bookshelves
for residential home office areas.Set windows and layouts for stairs and common rafters.Ordered materials and made material stock
recommendations.
Education
September 2010
General English course, Leeds University, UK. * December 2009-January 2010: Computer course, Al-Azhar University.
May 2011
Azhar University
 
Religions, Al
 
B.A
 
Religions, Al Dawah and Islamic Culture - Grade: Very Good, the second top student in the section.
December 2013
the American University
 
State
 
General English course, Western Michigan University. USA. August 2013: Academic English course, Colorado State University. USA January
2013: A course in American literature, the American embassy in Cairo. February 2013: Academic Writing course, AMIDEAST in Cairo. June
2012: 
English for Islamic purposes
December 2012
General English course, AMIDEAST in Cairo. 
*October 2009-June 2011: General English Course, Al-Azhar English Training Center. *
September 2011: 
Democracy dialogue course, Al-Azhar English Training Center.
August 2011
Presentation Skills course, Al-Azhar English Training Center.
Languages
Good command of English, and very little of Spanish.
Interests
2014: presented in Midwest Popular Culture Association Conference about "Arab American Culture through the Mawlid: Muslim Devotional
Gatherings in the Midwestern United States" 2015: presented in Global Halal: Muslim and Cultural Politics of the Permissible conference about
"the Permissibility of Maulid celebration among Muslim American in Chicago" Extracurricular Activities: Doing my masters about Muslims inMidwestern America, Western Michigan University. USA. Giving Friday's Khutbah (in both Arabic and English) in Bilal Islamic center,
Kalamazoo, MI. and Madina Islamic center and masjid, Benton Harbor, MI Holding Arabic and Quranic classes for children and Adult in
Michigan. USA. Administrating a social networking site at Al Azhar English Training Centre to discuss Islam with people worldwide Chosen as
students' representative to meet a variety of people at Al Azhar English Training Centre, including high profile foreign visitors (including the British
foreign secretary) Developing communication skills through interacting with native English speakers online and at Al Azhar English Training Centre
Additional Information
Conferences: 2014: presented in Midwest Popular Culture Association Conference about "Arab American Culture through the Mawlid:
Muslim Devotional Gatherings in the Midwestern United States" 2015: presented in Global Halal: Muslim and Cultural Politics of the
Permissible conference about "the Permissibility of Maulid celebration among Muslim American in Chicago" Extracurricular Activities: Doing
my masters about Muslims in Midwestern America, Western Michigan University. USA. Giving Friday's Khutbah (in both Arabic and
English) in Bilal Islamic center, Kalamazoo, MI. and Madina Islamic center and masjid, Benton Harbor, MI Holding Arabic and Quranic
classes for children and Adult in Michigan. USA. Administrating a social networking site at Al Azhar English Training Centre to discuss
Islam with people worldwide Chosen as students' representative to meet a variety of people at Al Azhar English Training Centre, including
high profile foreign visitors (including the British foreign secretary) Developing communication skills through interacting with native English
speakers online and at Al Azhar English Training Centre
Skills
Academic, Arabic, carpentry, English, Presentation Skills, Spanish