HR SENIOR SPECIALIST
Career Overview
Dedicated Service Representative Professional motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to company success.
Core Strengths
Excel, Data entry systems, Outlook, Microsoft systems
Amisys, Access.
Able to master, process and apply new skills and concepts quickly.
Customer service expert
Telephone inquiries specialist
Courteous demeanor
Accomplishments
Customer Assistance
 Â 
Worked with company systems such as Live Support and diligently completed all assigned tasks, working overtime as needed.
Customer Service
 Â 
Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.
Work Experience
HR Senior Specialist
 
09/2006
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Health insurance/Benefit Specialist Administrative Xerox Corporation - Xerox is a leader in BPO and IT Outsourcing across a variety of
industries and the public sector.
Thousands of companies rely on Xerox to help improve their processes, manage client operations, and focus on their core business.
Duties: Provide administrative support functions relating to personnel, retirement benefits and special projects.
Specific Responsibilities: Assist participants with questions regarding Medicare/Medicaid questions, eligibility and their specific state's
guidelines to qualify for the Medicare/Medicaid Explain Health and Insurance coverage, primary doctors and specialists, hospitals and
treatments covered by their medical insurance and what the Medicare/Medicaid covers.
Explain the changes in their insurance of choice.
Keep up to date with the changes in the health and insurance coverage, processes and changes.
Responsible for processing and calculating retirees' pension.
Educate participants on their retirement plan benefits.
Handle inbound and outbound calls for the team and handle the administrative tasks associated with these calls.
Work special projects including corrections of payment setups, tax forms (1099R) requests, process commencement retirees' package,
process pension calculations and educate retirees of the different payment options offered to them.
Answer questions regarding the health and insurance offered to the retirees and type of coverage they are entitled to.
Provide support to the supervisor during the team meetings by preparing the issues and concerns to be discussed and take minutes of the
meeting.
Significant Achievement Received Certificate of Excellent award for self development and for going above and beyond my call of duty.
Skilled at conducting interviews and hiring process.
Have mentored team members about the phone etiquette and how to score high in their quality monitoring.
Worked as administrative assistant for a $7.6 million international consumer bank, operating on 4 continents.
Member and Claims Representative
 
08/2001
 
to 
05/2006
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Provided support for the bilingual unit during supervisor's absence.
Provided assistance and guidance to the new bilingual hired.
Performed activities designed to establish and maintain positive and productive relations with Amerigroup network providers.
Specific Responsibilities.
Facilitated care coordination for members with critical care needs in the Medicaid population.
Worked in special projects assigned by the Director of the Customer Service Department.
Projects included, providing administrative support to the Vice President, Assistant Vice President, Outbound Director and Inbound
Director in absence and/or vacation of their secretaries by assisting in the following.
Executive Secretary Assistant
 
08/2001
 
to 
05/2006
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Amerigroup Corporation Reporting to the call center Directors and an executive (VP/GM), responsible for performing advanced, diversifiedAmerigroup Corporation Reporting to the call center Directors and an executive (VP/GM), responsible for performing advanced, diversified
and confidential secretarial and administrative duties requiring broad and comprehensive experience, skills and knowledge of the
organization and its policies and practices.
Primary duties included, but not limited to, write and routes confidential correspondence.
Screened, handled or distributes incoming phone calls and complaints.
Maintained confidential correspondence and general files.
Orders supplies.
Coordinated travel plans, prepared and submitted expense reports.
Compiled and distributed meeting minutes.
Collates and assembles materials, makes arrangements for meetings/presentations, prepared forms, reviewed documentation for
conformance with internal policies and procedures.
Utilized various software packages such as spreadsheet, word processing, data base and internet to prepare presentations and documents.
Researched, verified and prepared reports.
Created and maintained databases.
Coached new hires handling supervisor and escalated calls.
Provided assistance with the escalated line, followed up, and resolved members' concerns and complaints in order to maintain members'
satisfaction.
As a claims provider representative my responsibilities included responding to inquiries from providers in our network as well as out of
network.
Handled issues related to members' benefits, claims resolution and appeal status.
Administrative Secretary
 
01/1999
 
to 
02/2001
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
The Signature Group is a market leader The Signature Group, an $870 million direct marketing company serving many of the most
recognized customer service companies in America, has acquired an 
equity interest in Consumers Car Club, a leading provider of vehicle
buying 
and ownership products and services since 1987.
Duties Managed project and prepared various reports.
Planned and arranged conference calls, scheduled meetings, training classes and arranged travel and accommodations for Managers.
I also performed general clerical tasks.
Specific Responsibilities: Provided administrative support to the center manager for the inbound unit and the various customer service teams
under his supervision as well as the training department.
Provided administrative support to the Center Manager for the Outbound Unit and the Human Resources Dept.
Managed incoming correspondence, scheduled conferences, made travel arrangements, prepared training material to be used in class, filing,
ordered supplies, processed invoices.
Prepared expense reports from receipts.
Managed attendance, vacation schedules and personnel records maintaining extreme confidentiality.
Performed telephone interviews for bilingual candidates.
Executive Complaint Professional
 
07/1996
 
to 
01/1999
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Served as a consumer advocate to the Chief Executive Officer.
Responsibility included serving as liaison for the company and the government agencies like the Better Business Bureau and the Attorney
General offices.
Successfully retained more than 90% of the customers calling to complaint about the company, its products and/or the employees.
Resolved company issues by phone and correspondence.
Responsible for establishing contact with both internal key managers in order to resolve customer's concern.
Maintained direct contact with the Regional Directors for the chain of stores under their jurisdiction, to obtain results on behalf of the
customer.
Responsible to submit report of all the complaints received by phone or mail to the CEO for his review and input.
Reported the open complaints awaiting resolution, closed complaints, details of the resolved complaint and reported the complaints which
have been escalated to the Attorney General office and to the Better Business Bureau.
Significant Achievements Processed over 350 complaints a month at the executive level.
95% of customer's complaint resolved satisfactorily, which turned into retained customers.
Executive Complaint Professional
 
07/1996
 
to 
01/1999
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Educational Background
Associate
 
: 
Applied Science Secretarial Science
 
1 1981
 
LaGuardia Community College
 
Applied Science Secretarial Science
Tidewater Community College
Interests
Church of God Ebenezer 
- Director of Multi-media. - Church's real time translator and also translate utilizing the translation devices. - Church
Bookkeeper assistant.
Languages
Fluent in English, and Spanish
Skills
Administrative, administrative assistant, administrative support, Attorney, benefits, call center, clerical, conferences, client, Customer Service, Data
entry, databases, data base, direct marketing, documentation, Fluent in English, equity, filing, focus, forms, General office, government, hiring,Human Resources, Insurance, Director, market, materials, meetings, Access, Excel, mail, Outlook, network, personnel, policies, presentations,
processes, quality, Reporting, secretarial, Spanish, spreadsheet, supervisor, supervision, tax, telephone, phone, phone etiquette, travel
arrangements, type, word processing
Additional Information
Volunteer Work Church of God Ebenezer Director of Multi-media. Church's real time translator and also translate utilizing the translation
devices. Church Bookkeeper assistant.