IT CONSULTANT
Professional Summary
Talented IT professional specializing in leading high-performing and multi-disciplinary teams from product development through successful product
launches. Accustomed to managing multiple projects and priorities in fast-paced environments.
Skills
Database design
Excellent problem-solving abilities
Windows and Linux
Website and portal monitoring
Network maintenance
Data backup and retrieval
Product templates
Brand development
PHP
Excellent communication skills
SEO coding and strategy
Website maintenance
Adobe Photoshop
Adobe Illustrator
MailChimp
PowerPoint presentations
Web content
HTML and CSS
Adobe InDesign
Superior verbal and written communication skills
AP, MLA and Chicago Manuals of Style
Natural leader
Self-starter
Desktop and laptop repair
Patient
Work History
IT CONSULTANT
 
, 
01/2001
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
IT, management, and marketing consultant providing business solutions, training, and motivation along with design and production for print
and web certified with Sage Software and Intuit.
Designed, and customized databases and created software integration solutions.
Developed web and ecommerce sites.
Designed and implemented motivation and training programs and workflow solutions Provided training for IBM, Continental Airlines,
American Airlines, Exxon Provided troubleshooting and help desk support Developed search engine marketing and keyword strategy for
ecommerce and lead generating websites Performed website analysis including performance metrics.
Established compatibility with third party software products by developing program for modification and integration.
Developed and implemented complex Internet and Intranet applications on multiple platforms.
Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements.
Ensured network, system and data availability and integrity through preventative maintenance and upgrades.
Streamlined and enhanced the corporate accounting and operations system.
Designed strategic plan for component development practices to support future projects.
Managed creative projects from concept to completion while managing outside vendors.
Advocated for end-users to perform testing and problem analysis for server, desktop and IT infrastructure work.
Designed and implemented new server standards for core business services.
LEAD INSTRUCTOR
 
, 
01/1994
 
to 
01/2001
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Start-up software training firm attained Top-Ten ranking in the Dallas Business Journal Business servicing Fortune 500 and smaller clients.
Developed marketing strategy, training, and certification curricula.
Taught technical modules on programming, project management, graphics, and databases.
Organized and managed Microsoft Office User Specialist training for AT&T Alliance Developed and managed a consulting practice as a
strategic company initiative CTO Lead in strategic and operational planning to achieve business goals Achieved and exceeded revenue goals
in a changing technology environment Developed and maintained appropriate IT organizational structure to support business Identified
opportunities for appropriate cost-effective investment of resources including staffing, purchasing , in-house development Establish
department goals, objectives, and operating procedures Taught full curriculum offerings and trained and managed team of instructors
Developed training program for AT&T Project lead on development projects Provided consultation, help desk, and troubleshooting
Developed training and recruiting for instructors Produced career oriented lectures and presentations PHOTOGRAPHER/DESIGNER
Portrait - commercial photography and video for print, web, and broadcast Took on a losing business and dominated market in under three
years Offered full services including aerial, industrial, and color lab Built a market for commercial photography where none existed
Photoshop expert ENGINEER Analyzed and designed plant workflow to meet company quality and revenue needs Time motion studies to
assess mechanics and efficiencies of each operation Calculated piece rate against revenue projections Illustrated manufacturing specification
catalog Trained employees on each operation.
AND MANAGEMENT CONSULTANTInstructor and Consultant
 
, 
09/1992
 
to 
01/1994
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
with a proven track record of problem solving, training, and business services for small to Fortune 500 Corporations.
RESULTS ORIENTED
Used role playing, simulations, team exercises, group discussions, videos and lectures to instruct participants in a variety of ways.
Assessed training needs through surveys, interviews with employees, focus groups and consultation with managers.Created an online training program to be used during video training conferences.
Selected and assigned instructors to conduct training seminars.
Clearly communicated objectives for all lessons, units and projects to all participants.
Addressed all questions from training program participants.
Worked with an average of 
[number]
 
participants per class.
Taught weekly internal software classes to more than 
[number]
 
new users.
Assumed ownership of all training program initiatives.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Information Technology
 
, 
Current
 
South University Online
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
Information Technology
Outstanding Achievement Award
Affiliations
Member National Society of Collegiate Scholars Member Dallas Society of Visual Communication American Society of Magazine Photographers
International Webmaster's Association Microsoft Partner Global WebSphere Community
Skills
ASP.net, .net, ACT!, Adobe, Acrobat, Photoshop, Apache, Apple, ASP, broadcast, business solutions, catalog, color, consultant, consultation,
consulting, credit, Crystal Reports, CSS, clients, databases, document management, ecommerce, ENGINEER, focus, graphics, help desk
support, help desk, IBM, IBM WebSphere, InDesign, Javascript, Languages, TEAM BUILDER, Linux, marketing strategy, marketing, market,
C#, Microsoft Office User Specialist, Microsoft Office XP, MS Project, Windows 8, Windows, Windows 9.x, MySQL, OS 5, organizational,
photography, PHOTOGRAPHER, PhP, presentations, problem solving, programming, Project lead, project management, purchasing, quality,
QuarkXPress, QuickBooks, recruiting, Sage, software training, specification, MS SQL Server, staffing, strategy, strategic, structured, training
programs, troubleshooting, VBA, VBScript, video, Visio, MS Visual Basic, MS Visual C++, MS Visual Studio, website, websites, web
marketing, workflow