GRADUATE RESEARCH ASSISTANT
Professional Summary
Dedicated professional with excellent technical, analytical and communication skills demonstrated in ten years of experience in the agricultural
sector, specifically in the Research and Development division with an extensive knowledge of biological control in the field of Entomology
Core Qualifications
Background in biological control using member from the Coleopteran family of
insect
Expert in data analysis
Area wide surveys and data collection for
research
Data presentation
Experimental design/implementation
Accomplishments
Successfully determine the biology, reproduction and the effect of chemicals on the 
Thalassa montezumae
 , a predatory beetle of the new
invasive scale insect 
Phalacrococcus howertoni 
in South Florida.
Integrated Pest Management Workshop Identification of Scales Mealybugs and Natural enemies.
Identification of Mites of economic importance to the Caribbean and their Natural enemies Training Seminar on Management of Protected
Cultivation Insect.
Identification of Nematodes for Professional Consultants Green house training course.
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
GRADUATE RESEARCH ASSISTANT
 
01/2013
 
to 
04/2016
Assist with various research project in the Center of Biological control lab.
Developing a potential biological control for Croton Scales (
 Phalacrococcus howertoni
 ).
Maintain culture of Croton scales and 
Thalassa montezumae
 
under green house and laboratory conditions,.
Company Name
 
City
 
PLANT PROTECTION OFFICER - Entomology
 
10/2011
 
to 
12/2012
Rear Parasitoids wasp ( 
Anagyrus kamali
 ) and release in areas affected by the Pink Hibiscus Mealy bug (
 Maconellicoccus hirsutus
 )
with 95% success rate and determined parasitism levels at each site.
Record data.
Maintain cultures of Pink Hibiscus Mealybug and 
Anagyrus kamali
 
at rearing facility.
Develop solutions for pest problems in yam (
 Dioscorea spp
 .) in Jamaica
Establish and conduct field evaluations with treatments against yam nematodes.
Develop Citrus Greening Management Programme in Jamaica in collaboration with Food and Agriculture Organization and Government of
Jamaica Components.
Assist in the Island wide survey for incidence of citrus greening and parasitism levels of 
Tamarixia radiate
 .
Assist the monitoring programme for the Area-wide Integrated Management Systems (AIMS) for Citrus greening in citrus orchards.
Develop management program for the Beet Army Worm(
 Spodoptera exigua
 ) and monitoring of farms in affected parishes.
Establish & maintain Beet Army Worm culture in the laboratory.
Conduct insecticide efficacy trial.
Implement Integrated Pest Management of major pests of crops under Protective Cultivation in Jamaica
Data generated on temperature, humidity and pest status in greenhouse crop.
Company Name
 
City
 
FIELD AND LAB RESEARCH ASSISTANT
 
12/2002
 
to 
10/2011
Receive diagnostic samples from extension officers and farmers.
Prepare samples for diagnostics.
Rear and preserved specimens as necessary.
Establish experimental plots.
Visit field for prescribed observations and data collection as was set out in proposals.
Monitor on and off station experimental plots for infestations.
Maintain inventory list, materials and lab space.
Work on all research projects in the unit.
Assist in Crop and Plant Protection Unit Integrated Pest Management Systems developing on several crops threshold base pesticides.
Population dynamic study on Red Palm Mites and Broad Mites.
Education
Master of Science
 
:
 
Entomology - Qualifying
 
2016
 
Florida Agricultural & Mechanical University
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
 
Bachelor of Science
 
:
 
Environmental Science
 
2011
 
Knox Community College
 
, 
City
 
, 
Jamaica
Associate of Science
 
:
 
General Agriculture
 
2006
 
College of Agriculture Science and Education
 
, 
City
 
, 
Jamaica
 Professional Affiliations
Entomological Society of America (ESA)
Florida Entomological Society
Florida Agricultural & Mechanical University ESA debate team
Minorities in Agriculture, Natural Resources and Related Sciences (MANNRS)
Awards and Publications
Reuben Capelouto Foundation and William L.Peters Memorial scholarship awardee 2013-2014 Monsanto 1890 Student Leadership Event
participant, St.Louis Missouri, 2014
Mentoring at Purdue Summer Scholarship Program participant West Lafayette, Indiana, 2014.
ESA(Entomological Society of America). Annual Meeting. Portland, Oregon. Developing a Biological Control Measure for the Management of an
Invasive Scale Insect, 
Phalacrococcus howertoni
 
(Hemiptera,Coccidae) in South Florida "Published Abstract.
ESA (Entomological Society of America). Annual Meeting. Portland, Oregon. “What is the single best tool to reduce malaria cases throughout
the world? “Published Article , 2014
Skills
Data collection, maintain inventory,statistical analysis, prepare sample and Microsoft office