CONSULTANT
Summary
An accomplished and results-driven 
MARKETING AND SALES MANAGER AND PROFESSIONAL 
with extensive experience in new
business development, branding, customer relations, account and people management, training and development, and new, emerging, and
traditional media. Leverages practical experience with strong communication skills, working well with all levels of an organization. Possesses a
proven track record of turning underperforming business units into profit centers. A creative thinker and reliable producer who drives strategic
initiatives from conceptualization through implementation.
Highlights
Business turnarounds
B2B and B2C expertise
Consistently executes against objectives
Account management
Supervisory management
Excellent presentation skills
Project management
Analytical to ensure successful strategy
Social media
Nimble, highly creative and visionary capabilities
Experience
Consultant
 
09/2001
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Founded company and earned profits quickly through cold-calling, client following bringing new ideas and new and emerging media into the mix
(e.g. social media, online marketing campaigns). Handled coordination day-to-day company operations, people management, training, strategic
planning, marketing strategy development, local, regional, and major account management, development and implementation of specialized
marketing programs and strategies, budgeting, vendor procurement, and client relations. Stayed abreast of marketing and advertising trends.
Negotiated media buying by saving clients money (e.g. saved one client over $200,000).and maximized clients' financial investment.
Developed and implemented strong online strategies including social media mixed with traditional media for clients marketing efforts. Earned
client loyalty and increased revenues by 213%
Created award-winning websites, commercials, print designs and packaging.
Developed series of national public service announcements garnering massive media attention.
Additional Experience
TIME WARNER CABLE MEDIA SALES, Chatsworth, California, 
Television Advertising Account Manager, 
1998-2001. Hired for new
position to expand local and regional business. Learned and executed television media advertising logistics from scratch. Transformed from zero
billings to billings that exceeded the performance of all other representatives in less than one year. Generated all clients through cold-calling efforts
and educating prospects of value and ease of television advertising. Oversaw production; worked with and managed producers and clients. Earned
confidence of clients by defining strategies to ensure proper budget management, setting expectations as well as researching and collecting
demographic information for ad campaigns.
LOS ANGELES DAILY NEWS, Los Angeles, California, 
Advertising Account Manager
 , 1996-1998. Sold newspaper advertisements to
local accounts through cold calling efforts. Tripled revenue of underperforming territory in first year. Promoted to second underperforming territory
and quadrupled revenue in local business. Handled 40 accounts daily, met hourly deadlines, made presentations to clients, and created special
sections to insert into paper through creative selling efforts. Participated in layout of ad copy, reviewing proofs with clients, and managing
production, art staff, and training other sales reps. Planned advertising campaigns with clients.
DAILY PILOT, Costa Mesa, California, 
Advertising Account Manager
 , 1992-1995. Sold newspaper advertisements to local and regional
accounts through cold calling efforts. Increased billing by 619% in three months. Handled 30 accounts daily, met hourly deadlines, made
presentations to clients, and created special sections to insert into paper through creative selling efforts. Convinced agencies of national advertisers
to advertise in small, local newspaper. Recognized as consistent top performer and broke all sales records. Served as president of public speaking
organization, and as ambassador for Costa Mesa Chamber of Commerce.
SOUTH COUNTY NEWS, Mission Viejo, California, 
Account Executive
 , 1991-1992. 
Entrusted with growing challenging accounts after
several months at company; turned into profit center. Created sections to sell and generated new revenue.
Affiliations
WOMEN IN CABLE TELECOMMUNICATIONS (WICT), Los Angeles, California, 
President 
, Southern California Chapter, 2003-2004.
Managed 20 senior-level entertainment executives on the local chapter's Board of Directors by assigning and delegating responsibilities. Executed
several events aligned with organization's mission statement, "Develop Women Leaders Who Transform Our Industry". Raised money for thechapter to host events for the 500 members. Developed comprehensive package of sponsorship opportunities; demonstrated great cost-savings to
sponsors while securing funds to run chapter. Tripled membership, secured high-value creative sponsorships, and met and exceeded all objectives
required by the National Association.
Vice President
 , Southern California Chapter, 2003. Assisted president in running chapter and securing sponsorship dollars. Helped create and
launch formal mentoring program, and served as formal mentor. Secured funds through sponsorships sold to large corporations including Disney,
ABC, and Time Warner.
Sponsorship Chair
 , Southern California Chapter, 1999-2000. Formalized structure for sponsorships, assigned teams to raise money, and
secured funds for events.
Education
B.A
 
: 
Marketing
 
1990
 
VANGUARD UNIVERSITY
 
City
 
, 
State
Professional Development
Public Speaking, Toastmasters, International
 Â 
The Networkers, Costa Mesa Chamber of Commerce
 Â 
Advertising, Vanguard University
 Â 
Publications
Manire Speak
 , current ongoing blog.
Women in Cable Telecommunications (WICT)
 , Multichannel News, 2004
University Public Perceptions
 , study commissioned by Vanguard University, 1990.
Computer Skills
Microsoft Office Excel, Word, PowerPoint; iWork Numbers, Pages, Keynote; QuickTime; QuickBooks; Tweet Adder; Adobe Readers;
GoToMeeting; Join.Me; Preview; Skype