BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATE
Summary
I appreciate your time! 
I am a high performing and advanced sales professional of 10 years that can benefit your company. I know I would be a
great asset to your company and here are a few of my thoughts why: I have 10 years of experience in sales and customer service, both in the auto
and the software industry. 
In both avenues, I thrive to take on the consultant role to do what is best to serve the client and advance the company
that I work for in a solution based approach. I know that value of organization, tracking my progress, and making goals to grow by, and identifying
with the customer's needs and challenges. 
In my current role at Thomson Reuters as an inside technical sales representative, I have sold almost $3
million in sales over the last 6 years, and I have helped hundreds of accounting firms improve their technical process through knowledge of
complex systems and software that is applied to the accounting & tax industry. 
I believe in strong customer relationships and exceptional customer
service. 
I have in depth experience working in the understanding of technology, SaaS products, technical presentations, and implementation of
advanced business solutions. 
I have proven to be a high achiever in this fast-paced technical sales role. 
I have also served in other capacities in my
role from product support, team leadership, and achieved to be a Presidents Club Member in the 2013 calendar year as one of the top 10% in
sales for Thomson Reuters. 
Also, I have 10 years' experience as a pastor, teacher, and counselor, which has flowed into my sales role to do
business with integrity, knowing how to relate to a plethora of people, and seeking to do what is best for client success. 
I also have 4 years of sales
experience working for Toyota Motor Company and thrived in the knowledge of product and quality customer service under the Kaizen
Philosophy of doing business. 
Personally, I am a father of seven children who believes in life balance. 
I am an athlete of 30 years, who has run half-
marathons, excelled on a college cross country team, and has practiced the discipline of nutrition and exercises most of my adult life.
Skills
Career Summary - Sales Professional
I am a professional that has extensive training and experience in technical sales, counseling, administration, customer service, and
leadership development. 
My career objective is to work as part of a team of people, whose goals and ambition is to move a company
forward to success in growth and profit. 
I fit best in a place where creativity and vision are welcomed and technology and personal growth
thrive. 
I offer skills in the use of Microsoft products, leadership training, event planning, and customer service and support. 
I have what it
takes to create vision, establish and track goals, and become a catalyst of influence through integrity and a positive attitude.
Core Strengths
Technical Sales Professional
Customer Focused Service
Proven Sales Success
Influencer, Organizer, Team Builder
Engaging Public Speaker
Accomplishments
Top in Core Sales in 2010 for Accounting CS.
Top in Core Sales in 2010 for Accounting CS Payroll.
2011 Awards: Top in Core Sales in 2011 for Accounting CS 2012 Awards: Top in Core Sales in 2012 for Accounting CS Payroll.
Top in Core Sales for Training Sales 2011 Bronze Sales Award in 2011 for over $300, 000 in Transition Sales of Accounting CS.
100% Quota Achievement 2012 $150K Revenue Increase 2012 Silver Revenue Achievers Club 2012 2013 Awards: 110% Quota
Achievement.
150K Revenue Increase.
Platinum Revenue Achievers Club Top Units Sold for Scheduled Training 2013 Presidents Club Award.
Experience
Business Development Associate
 
01/2009
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Top sales professional in my second year at Dunning Toyota averaging twice my minimum quota for the year.
Chosen one of three sales professionals to be observed by CEO of Thomson Reuters Sales, Jim Colantino, on my personal approach and
strategy with Transition Sales.
Sales leader in a new product launch for the first two years of Accounting CS selling over $695,000 of product, support, and training.
Member of the Presidents Club in 2013 for top sales performance of global sales professionals at Thomson Reuters.
Through a positive focus and passion for core team continuity, I was chosen by the managing staff of Thomson Reuters Tax and Accounting
to be part of the Culture Champion Team to initiate positive team dynamics and cultural change for 110 sales professionals.
Over eight years of professional sales experience with a credence of self-learning and continuous growth.
Led 200 volunteers in the purchase and renovation of a 25,000 sq.
ft.
facility to accommodate a congregation of 800 people within a 6-month period.
Supervised 5 paid support staff and 15 volunteers to sustain and support a viable non-profit organization which grew in attendance and
expanded into a neighboring town.
Commissioned a team of 40 volunteer leaders to administrate a three-day "Woodstock-like" music festival attracting 15,000-20,000 people
annually and having a positive impact on the youth culture.
Relational Style Motivation.
Motivated a community of 2,000 volunteers to serve in multiple teams that supported an event that provided camping services, food service,
security, registration, entertainment, and seminars for an event that attracted over 20,000 participants.
Built a relationship with the Wilmore City council that became strategic in further advancing the growth and outreach of a non-profit music
festival, and also provided a new relocation effort to further advance the organization.Achieved top sales position in automotive sales within six months due to the understanding of buyer's motives and selling process.
Results Oriented Administration.
Organized a leadership team that maximized an established a dynamic children's ministry program giving children their own place of learning
and growth within a church congregation.
Engineered a creative and quality music festival run by a volunteer staff and attended by over 300 participants from southeast Michigan.
Provided quality customer support for tax software during peak tax season.
Senior member of a specialized team for the new product launch of advanced accounting software helping accountants' transition
successfully from a legacy product by working closely with development, support, and training to assist in the transition of the next
generation software.
Sales and Leasing Consultant
 
01/2005
 
to 
01/2009
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
01/2000
 
to 
01/2005
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Education and Training
Master of Divinity 
Master of Arts
 
: 
Counseling
 
Asbury Theological Seminary
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Counseling
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Psychology
 
Asbury College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Psychology
Skills
Accounting, accounting software, approach, automotive, council, counseling, creativity, customer service, customer support, event planning, focus,
leadership, Team Builder, leadership development, leadership training, managing, Microsoft products, next, Organizer, peak, profit, Public
Speaker, quality, renovation, Reuters, sales experience, selling, Sales, seminars, strategy, strategic, Tax and Accounting, tax, Technical Sales,
vision
Additional Information
Limited License Professional Counselor - License Number 6401006038