FINANCE OFFICER
Summary
Profile: An experience Accountant and data base worker who has developed a strong accounting background working with Data Base and
Accounting packages for over four years. Team oriented individual with good interpersonal skill and a demonstrated ability to accurately evaluate
customer requirement and complete related tasks / project which satisfy or exceed customer requirement on time. . I have the ability to create
conducive atmosphere with colleagues at work. Keen, presentable and goal getter, effective team member, trust worthy, reliable and well organize
team player. Confident working alone and with senior authorities, creative and enjoys using own initiatives. Flexible and can adapt to work in wide
range of tasks. I have the ability to work within tight schedules and outside official hours.
Highlights
Analytical reasoning
Compliance testing knowledge
Financial statement analysis
Account reconciliation expert
Financial planner
Effective time management
Accomplishments
Achieved 25% cost reduction by eliminating redundant processes.
Formally recognized for excellence achieved in financial analysis, budgeting and forecasting. 
Experience
April 2014
 
to 
January 2016
Company Name
 
City
 
Finance Officer
Develop internal control 
policies, guidelines, and procedures for activities such as budget 
administration, cash and credit
management, and accounting.
Coordinate and direct the 
financial planning, budgeting, procurement, or investment activities of 
all or part of an
organization.
Maintain current knowledge of organizational 
policies and procedures, federal and state policies and directives, and
current accounting standards.
Receive cash and checks and 
make deposits.
Advise management on short-term 
and long-term financial objectives, policies, and actions.
Prepare or direct preparation 
of financial statements, business activity reports, financial position 
forecasts, annual
budgets, or reports required by regulatory agencies.
Evaluate needs for procurement 
of funds and investment of surpluses and make appropriate recommendations.
Provide direction and 
assistance to other organizational units regarding accounting and 
budgeting policies and
procedures and efficient control and utilization of 
financial resources.
Analyze the financial details 
of past, present, and expected operations to identify development 
opportunities and areas
where improvement is needed.
Supervise employees performing 
financial reporting, accounting, billing, collections, payroll, and 
budgeting duties.
Compute, withhold, and account 
for all payroll deductions.
April 2013
 
to 
October 2013
Company Name
 
City
 
Administrative/Finance Officer
Supervising and monitoring the sheet from haulage work at London Mining
 Perform payroll functions, such as maintaining timekeeping information and processing
 
and submitting payroll.
Collect and deposit money into accounts, disburse funds from cash accounts to pay
 
bills or invoices, keep records of
collections and disbursements, and ensure accounts
 
are balanced.
Manage Sage Accounting software in relation to all the company activities.
 Income and Expenditure data inputting and analysis.i.e customer invoices, supplier
 
invoices, credit card payments, and
inputting all cost into their various overheads
April 2013
 
to 
October 2013
Company Name
 
City
 
Data Entry Supervisor
Reporting to the Senior Supervisor on the Data Collected during surveys
Supervising the the output of colleagues to ensure the work is done orderly and on
 
time.
Responsible for the coding of different information gathered from surveys
Analysing the authencity of the report to make sure it truthful and accurate for sending to
 
various donors
September 2012
 
to 
April 2013
Company Name
 
City
 
Compliance and Internal Controlls Officer
Daily reconciliation for four(4) Banks international bank accountsDaily reconciliation for four(4) Banks international bank accounts
 Weekly report on all activities in the bank
Monthly cash count at our branches
Preparing of customer transaction report
Comply with applicable Money Laundering Prevention Procedures and, in particular, report any
 
suspicious activity to the
Unit Money Laundering Prevention Officer and Line Manager.
Adhere to policies including escalation and compliance requirements, and follow any other relevant 
internal controls and
procedures as they relate to process, products, policies and regulations.
Weekly review of all KYC document and ensure they are authentic
 Ensuring that account opening packages are have information submitted by customers
 Collect and analyze data to detect deficient controls, duplicated effort, extravagance,
 
fraud, or non-compliance with laws,
regulations, and management policies.
Examine records and interview workers to ensure recording of transactions and
 compliance with laws and regulations.
Education
2013
Fourah Bay College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
Sierra Leone
 
Accounting and Finance
 
Bachelor of Science
 
GPA: 
Graduated with honors.
 
Honours in Accounting and Finance Apr Graduated with honors.
Interests
Volunteer, Lunch Box . Treasurer/sectary, Student Government and I was also a very active member of student sports club.
Skills
Customer and Personal Service
 
Administration and Management
Active Listening
 
Judgment and Decision Making
Time Management
 
Quality Control Analysis
Computers and Electronics
 
Clerical
Additional Information
Volunteer, Lunch Box . Treasurer/sectary, Student Government.