PROCESS ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN III
Accomplishments
Pharmacy Exemptee Certificate (Skill Path.
Mountain View, CA); Yellow Belt Process Excellence (ALZA Corp.
Redwood City, CA); Fundamentals of Pharmaceutical cGMPs (ALZA Corp.
Mountain View, CA); HAZMAT Industrial Technician Certificate (ALZA Corp.
Palo Alto, CA); First Site Supervisor (Skill Path.
Sunnyvale, CA); Supervising for Safety (ALZA Corp.
Mountain View, CA); Training the Trainer (ALZA Corp.
Mountain View, CA); How to Be a Better Communicator (Skill Path.
Sunnyvale, CA); ISO 9001 (ALZA Corp.
Redwood City, CA); ISO 14001 (ALZA Corp.
Menlo Park, CA); Excelling at Managing and Supervising (Skill Path.
San Jose, CA); ERT Membership (ALZA Corp.
Palo Alto, CA);.
Professional Experience
January 2007
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
Responsible for an engineering/supervisory position to accomodate technical support in a.
poltry production industry site.
management including staffing, ordering equipment cost.
analysis, budget estimation, stablishment of computer based archive and lean production.
program.
Process Engineering Technician III
 
January 2005
 
to 
January 2006
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Engineering technician in the process-engineering arm of the Oral Products R&D group at ALZA Corporation; Hands-on experience in key
pharmaceutical unit operations including milling, blending, fluid bed granulation, aqueous and solvent-based coating, laser drilling, and drying;
Participated in product development activities including scale-up experiments and manufacturing of clinical and registration stability supplies;
Participated in early formulation development studies as well as late stage large scale pre-validation lots, Participated in manufacturing
clinical batches with strict cGMP compliance; Performed all related tasks including ordering materials, setting-up equipment, preparing and
completing documentation; and training operators; Performed in- process and other characterization testing with limited data analysis and
presentation; Authored multiple technical protocols and reports; Completed experimental and clinical batches in the commercial
manufacturing facility at Vacaville as a part of the satellite R&D group; Assignments involved direct communication and cooperation with
quality assurance, formulation, analytical and pilot plant manufacturing groups.
Process Engineer and Manufacturing Staff
 
January 2001
 
to 
January 2005
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Assisted in process development and commercial manufacturing of transdermal products;.
Utilized existing and modified equipment in Mixing, Coating /laminating and pouching;.
Revised manufacturing related documentation such as Standard Operational Procedures (SOPs).
and work instructions (WI).
Production lead / Process Operator
 
June 1999
 
to 
October 1999
Supervised manufacturing group and operated various equipment for producing transdermal contraceptive products in compliance with
cGMP regulations, Participated in process development and process excellence projects, Operated multi-coater/dryer lamination machines
with various line speed, temperature and air flows; Tasks assigned included general trouble shooting, training associates on equipment
operation and proper documentation with strict adherence to cGMP compliance, Managed shift production planning and time management;
Participated in process improvement and waste reduction projects resulting in increasing production up to 5% for each production lot;
Participated in deviation root cause analysis and technical support, Participated in Process Qualification PQ) and Process Validation (PV)
following the related protocols; Participated in Green Belt projects including waste reduction, reduction of production lot turn-around time,
and over time reduction; Oil and Natural Gas Research Institute Worked on drilling and production platforms, assignments included
analyzing sedimentary layers by shallow coring and determination of geological and chemical structure of the layers, providing technical
reports on laboratory results.
Worked on an exploratory drilling site located in mountainous region of northern Anatolia.
Analyzing wastewater and handling hazardous material, providing graphs and related charts.
Skills
biology, budget, charts, Oral, cost analysis, data analysis, documentation, equipment operation, experiments, graphs, laser, materials, Natural Gas,
Oil, PQ, process development, process development, process-engineering, process improvement, product development, producing, protocols,
quality assurance, Research, staffing, supervisory, technical support, technician, time management, trouble shooting, Validation, waste reductionEducation and Training
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Petrochemical and Natural Gas Engineering
 
, 
1999
 
Istanbul Technical University
 
Turkey
 
Petrochemical and Natural Gas
Engineering Off Shore Drilling and Production (Submersible Mobil platforms) Various courses in biology and medical science (towards a degree in
medicine)
1994
 
Bosforous University
 
- 
City
 
, 
Turkey