OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR
Professional Profile
Skilled and highly organized professional, leveraging operational and interpersonal abilities developed during education and experience to excel in
administrative operations. Operational Support: Track record of contributing effectively to productive operations, supporting goals and assisting
management in daily functions, event planning, and marketing efforts. Strong organizational skills and eye for detail; able to accurately manage
records and files, as well as proofreading documents. Communication Strengths: Proven ability to develop positive relationships with both
customers and team members. Able to provide customer service by phone and in person, clearly presenting information and answering questions,
as well as promptly resolving issues. Consistent success collaborating with team members on daily operations and special projects. Computer
Proficiencies: Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint) and Web Expression, Constant Contact, and Internet research and
applications. Current education in Technology Management and computer skills certificates; adept in spreadsheet, database, and presentation
development. Key Strengths: Demonstrated commitment to high performance and exceeding expectations, as well as identifying and
recommending potential improvements. Able to quickly learn and excel in new responsibilities, as well as adapting skills to changing needs. Proven
success in fast-paced, deadline-driven environments, multitasking to manage competing priorities.
Qualifications
Fundamentals *Office Administration *Supervision
Results-oriented
Quick learner
Microsoft Office
Self-directed
Strong problem solver
Professional and mature
Dedicated team player
Relevant Experience
Promoted to 
Office Administrator II
 
after 
24
 
months of employment.
Successfully planned and executed corporate meetings, lunches and special events for groups of 
20
 + employees.
Received a merit raise for strong attention to detail, exemplary customer service and team-player attitude. 
Experience
Office Administrator
 
01/2011
 
to 
01/2014
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Support Senior Managers and other staff in administrative procedures.
Answer phones and transfer calls, facilitating communication between customers, contractors, Warehouse Clerks, and Pick-up and Delivery
Managers.
Assist in resolving issues, including incorrectly delivered packages and incorrect addresses.
Collaborate with customer service to successfully address problems and ensure customer satisfaction.
Maintain documentation, including invoices, facility work orders, purchase orders, and personnel records, as well as processing electronic
payroll entries.
Submit terminal invoices to Senior Manager and corporate office.
Prepare reports, graphs, and presentations.
Distribute incoming mail and documents for office.
Stamp and meter outgoing mail, as well as coordinating express shipping for customer COD checks.
Coordinate with vendors on facility and equipment maintenance.
Organize interviews for potential employees.
Effectively multitasked to manage time-sensitive priorities in high-volume environment.
Strategically managed warehouse supply ordering for terminal to maintain within $10,000.
Student
 
01/2010
 
to 
02/2011
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Develop skill in key office technology applications, including spreadsheet, database, and presentation development, as well as Web design.
Research company information and prepare reports and presentations.
Collaborate in group projects.
Conducted extensive research on company history, products, and services, presenting results in class.
Collaborated successfully with team members on brand analysis project.
Public Relations Intern
 
08/2009
 
to 
05/2010
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Supported Chamber President and office staff.
Managed front desk reception, communicating with customers by phone and in person to provide information on welcome center and local
hotels, transportation, and activities.
Assisted in planning events and coordinating marketing operations.
Filed and organized operational documents and customer correspondence.
Maintained and updated client directory.
Proofread e-mail communications.
Assisted in organizing auction event, raising more than $25,000 dollars.
Consistently evaluated office operations to recommend potential improvements.
Created volunteer application form.Production Team Member
 
01/1996
 
to 
01/2007
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Directed assembly of automobile seat components, as well as testing and inspecting seats.
Ensured compliance with operational description to maintain safety.
Collaborated with team members to ensure efficient manufacturing process.
Trained new employees and answered questions.
Successfully completed tasks ahead of schedule while maintaining quality in high-pressure environment.
Consistently demonstrated willingness to adapt to new operational tasks and assist team members.
continued.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Technology Management
 
EASTERN MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Technology Management
Administrative and Information Management
 
2010
 
HENRY FORD COMMUNITY COLLEGE
 
City
 
, 
State
Office Administration coursework
Coursework in Administrative Technology 
Skills
administrative, client, customer satisfaction, customer service, database, Delivery, e-mail, equipment maintenance, graphs, inspecting,
manufacturing process, marketing, mail, office, Office Administration, Office Skills, organizing, payroll, personnel, Pick, presentation development,
presenting, presentations, quality, express, reception, Maintain documentation, Research, safety, shipping, spreadsheet, Supervision, phone,
Answer phones, transportation, Web design