SALES ASSOCIATE
Career Focus
I am a dedicated, hardworking woman. I am trying to provide for a growing family. I am great with people, and handle myself well in difficult
situations. I am looking to eventually go back to school and better my own life as well. As for now I am seeking any type of employment to be able
to provide for the daily needs of myself and my children.
Skills
Speaking
Sales and Marketing
Customer and personal Service
Active Listening
Critical Thinking
Reading Comprehension
English Language
Judgement and Decision Making
Social Perceptiveness
Persuasion
Clerical
Coordination
Monitoring
Time Management
Negotiation
Mathematics
Service Oriented
Food Production
Active Learning
Learning Strategies
Instructing
Production and Processing
Education and Training
June 2011
 
Stanhope Elmore High School
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
GED
Work Experience
Sales Associate
 
, 
11/2015
 
ï¼​ 
12/2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs.
Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires.
Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise.
Maintain knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices.
Place special orders or call other stores to find desired items.
Open and close cash registers, performing tasks such as counting money, separating charge slips, coupons, and vouchers, balancing cash
drawers, and making deposits.
Watch for and recognize security risks and thefts, and know how to prevent or handle these situations.
Inventory stock and requisition new stock.
Ticket, arrange and display merchandise to promote sales.
Exchange merchandise for customers and accept returns.
Bag or package purchases, and wrap gifts.
Clean shelves, counters, and tables.
Server/Server Assistant
 
, 
08/2011
 
ï¼​ 
01/2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Check with customers to ensure that they are enjoying their meals and take action to correct any problems.
Collect payments from customers.
Write patrons' food orders on order slips, memorize orders, or enter orders into computers for transmittal to kitchen staff.
Prepare checks that itemize and total meal costs and sales taxes.
Take orders from patrons for food or beverages.
Serve food or beverages to patrons, and prepare or serve specialty dishes at tables as required.
Present menus to patrons and answer questions about menu items, making recommendations upon request.
Clean tables or counters after patrons have finished dining.
Roll silverware, set up food stations or set up dining areas to prepare for the next shift or for large parties.
Inform customers of daily specials.
Explain how various menu items are prepared, describing ingredients and cooking methods.
Prepare tables for meals, including setting up items such as linens, silverware, and glassware.
Stock service areas with supplies such as coffee, food, tableware, and linens.
Remove dishes and glasses from tables or counters, take them to kitchen for cleaning.
Assist host or hostess by answering phones to take reservations or to-go orders, and by greeting, seating, and thanking guests.Perform cleaning duties, such as sweeping and mopping floors, vacuuming carpet, tidying up server station, taking out trash, or checking and
cleaning bathroom.
Perform food preparation duties such as preparing salads, appetizers, and cold dishes, portioning desserts, and brewing coffee.
Escort customers to their tables.
Fill salt, pepper, sugar, cream, condiment, and napkin containers.
Garnish and decorate dishes in preparation for serving.
Provide guests with information about local areas, including giving directions.
Sales Associate
 
, 
01/2011
 
ï¼​ 
05/2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Use computers for various applications, such as database management or word processing.
Answer telephones and give information to callers, take messages, or transfer calls to appropriate individuals.
Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits.
Issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers.
Assist customers by providing information and resolving their complaints.
Count money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct and that there is adequate change.
Establish or identify prices of goods, services or admission, and tabulate bills using calculators, cash registers, or optical price scanners.
Greet customers entering establishments.
Answer customers' questions, and provide information on procedures or policies.
Sell tickets and other items to customers.
Calculate total payments received during a time period, and reconcile this with total sales.
Monitor checkout stations to ensure that they have adequate cash available and that they are staffed appropriately.
Assist with duties in other areas of the store, such as monitoring fitting rooms or bagging and carrying out customers' items.
Maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and complete other general cleaning duties, such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans.
Sort, count, and wrap currency and coins.
Stock shelves, and mark prices on shelves and items.
Request information or assistance using paging systems.
Compute and record totals of transactions.
Compile and maintain non-monetary reports and records.
Offer customers carry-out service at the completion of transactions.
Recommend products to customers, based on customers' needs and interests.
Answer customers' questions about products, prices, availability, product uses, and credit terms.
Train customers' employees to operate and maintain new equipment.
Pack customer purchases in bags or cartons.
Stock shelves, racks, cases, bins, and tables with new or transferred merchandise.
Stamp, attach, or change price tags on merchandise, referring to price list.
Receive, open, unpack and issue sales floor merchandise.
Clean display cases, shelves, and aisles.
Design and set up advertising signs and displays of merchandise on shelves, counters, or tables to attract customers and promote sales.