TEACHER
Core Accomplishments
Girl Scouts of the Missouri Heartland Â​ Cole County Service Unit Manager, Community 2012 Â​ present Involvement & Professional
Develop and present engaging and timely written and electronic organizational training Affiliations 
materials, identify and develop service
learning activities; develop promotional materials; support and coordinate Girl Scout volunteer managers and their troops; 82 troops, 153
volunteers serving 800+ youth Coach and support organizational volunteers to ensure quality of service delivery and fidelity to organizational
mission and values; troubleshoot / mediate member complaints and concerns Serve as local liaison to statewide office staff located in
Springfield, MO on troop and organizational issues Camp Director, Summer Twilight Camp Plan curriculum and learning objectives,
develop streamlined registration processes and schedules, facilitate regular meetings of volunteers and foster positive relationships with local
media, vendors, and allied agencies; engage in effective public relations / marketing strategies to increase registrations and visibility of
organization; oversee volunteer managers in monitoring camp operations and camper / staff safety.
Janet's Dance Studio, Fulton, MO Â​ Studio Manager, 1999 Â​ 2009.
Choreographed routines, coordinated performances, taught performing company, trained and evaluated studio teaching staff, tracked
student accounts, communicated with families to answer questions / resolve conflicts.
Professional Experience
08/2009
 
to 
Current
Teacher
 
Company Name
Jefferson City Experience 
Public Schools (JCPS) Curriculum 
Utilize formative/summative assessment data, collaboration with colleagues,
and development & 
current research-based educational strategies to design lesson plans and instruct alignment; 
students at a variety of
developmental levels to achieve academic success.
project mgmt.; 
Implement district-level educational programs, including Balanced Literacy/Guided staff leadership & 
Reading, Lucy Calkins
Writing, Investigations Mathematics, and Sitton Spelling.
training; student instruction & 
Successfully model and implement character education and proactive discipline through assessment 
Positive
Behavior Support (PBS).
Successfully lead senior district and building-level staff in professional development for elementary teachers to create balanced literacy
lessons and assessments aligned with common core state standards for district level use in the English Language Arts (ELA) curriculum.
Coach and support 2nd and 3rd grade team of teachers in assessing and implementing Assessment for Learning (AFL) practices into daily
classroom instruction and assessment.
Develop and oversee building-level staff development program for transition to standards-based grading in elementary schools; effectively
utilize technology and active participation techniques to engage teachers in critical thinking surrounding current and research-based grading
practices.
Engage stakeholders surrounding changes to grading system(s), grade cards, and electronic assessment methods through developing
effective implementation plans utilizing varied communications platforms.
Compile numerous elementary balanced literacy lessons and assessments aligned with common core state standards for district-wide use in
the ELA curriculum.
Serve as a new teacher mentor; acclimated new teaching professionals to their building assignments and duties; supported and coached
junior staff in use and understanding of district and building policies, procedures, and quality indicators.
Selected as a "JC Lead" participant; highly selective, competitively awarded district-level leadership training program for aspiring
administrators and leaders focusing on educational issues, programs and initiatives directly impacting students and patrons of JCPS.
Pilot new assessment systems prior to implementation for feasibility, practicality, and efficacy; conduct comprehensive analyses of
assessment items and types.
Assist District Superintendent of Curriculum and Instruction with alignment of district level elementary ELA and Mathematics curriculum to
Common Core and ISTE standards.
Actively serve on numerous district committees and internal strategic initiatives responsible for engaging educational stakeholders,
community members, staff, and students in continuous improvement.
01/2004
 
to 
01/2009
Teacher
 
Company Name
Served as district grade level chair; supported and coached teaching professionals in areas of curriculum, research-based practice, and
assessment.
Selected for "Leadership Academy"; a statewide training program for emerging teacher leaders through the Regional Professional
Development Centers.
Collaborated extensively with district level administrators and colleagues to develop, align, and revise curriculum through Curriculum
Coordinating Council and Vertical Alignment teams.
Invited to score Missouri Assessment Program (MAP) assessments in the areas of Communication Arts and Mathematics.
08/1999
 
to 
01/2003
Education
December 2014
DESE Initial Administration Certification, Principal K-8
 
: 
Curriculum Leadership
 
William Woods University
 
Curriculum Leadership
Master of Education
 
: 
Educational Leadership and Policy Analysis
 
University of Missouri
 
Educational Leadership and Policy Analysis Graduated
with distinctionBachelor of Science
 
: 
Elementary Education
 
Elementary Education
DESE Elementary 1-6 Certification, Spanish K-9, Middle School Language Arts
Skills
academic, Arts, Coach, continuous improvement, Council, critical thinking, educational programs, English, instruction, Leadership, leadership
training, lesson plans, Mathematics, mentor, policies, project mgmt, quality, Reading, research, Spanish, staff development, strategic, teacher,
teaching