TEACHER
Accomplishments
Monitor school districts in delinquent status and recommend warrants to withhold state funds administered by the Texas Education Agency
with an effort to collect outstanding dues
Selected to be a TRS innovative committee member in 2015 for the purpose of improving business processes and increase productivity.
Upon completion, management has recognized the participating members for the project's outstanding results, time and effort
Rewarded for outstanding performance in 2015 for the handling of numerous issues TRS faced throughout the implementation of a new
Health Care vendor responsible to handle the billing, eligibility, and health insurance enrollment to more than 500K members
Awarded with a monetary raise after successful completion of my Bachelors degree program
Reconcile statement of accounts including researching any outstanding invoices, and resolve existing discrepancies in order to avoid
unwanted payment delays
Recognized for work ethics, great customer service skills, and involvement as a team player
Experience
TEACHER
 
March 2013
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
Senior Accountant
Responsible for auditing the third party vendor's health insurance billing generated for participating school districts within the entire state of
Texas.
Monitor school districts in delinquent status and recommend warrants to withhold state funds administered by the Texas Education Agency
with an effort to collect outstanding dues.
Prepare a monthly analysis to detect any underlying billing issues provided by our third party vendor and recommend solutions to repair and
prevent future billing issues.
Compile a monthly Accounts Receivable reconciliation report to ensure revenue and expense transactions have been accurately recorded
before presenting it to senior management.
Provide assistance to school district's officials in relation to State Regulations, Health Coverage Plans, and Texas Legislative decisions.
Resolve and make a determination for retroactive credit requests received from school districts that involve complex research and billing
audits.
Review and approve third party vendor invoices for contract compliance accuracy.
Reconcile budget reports to reflect internal accounting expenses ensuring that fund distributions were accurately recorded.
Adjust monthly annuity disbursements belonging to TRS Retirees that have erroneously underpaid for their Health Insurance premium.
Approve check refund distributions to TRS Retirees that have made overpayments on their Health Insurance premium.
Research and compile annual ad-hoc reports that include the Affordable Care Act fee versus our Health Insurance costs to decide on future
premium rates.
Compile current year accounting data to generate the Comprehensive Annual Financial Report (CAFR).
Knowledge of state laws related to health care and insurance programs, retiree health care benefits, and financial and accounting regulations.
Accomplishments
Selected to be a TRS innovative committee member in 2015 for the purpose of improving business processes and increase productivity.
Upon completion, management has recognized the participating members for the project's outstanding results, time and effort.
Recovered overpaid costs owed to TRS from vendors that totaled to more than $5M for the 2009-2014 fiscal years by conducting an audit
of previously billed invoices and detecting findings of overbilled rates that weren't in compliance with the contract's terms.
Increased productivity by 30% as the lead Accountant for the Accounts Receivable area by implementing an automated email collection
system that generates an email to more than 100 entities that are in unpaid status.
Rewarded for outstanding performance in 2015 for the handling of numerous issues TRS faced throughout the implementation of a new
Health Care vendor responsible to handle the billing, eligibility, and health insurance enrollment to more than 500K members.
Recovered implementation expenses that incurred during the new healthcare vendor transition for more than $83K under the "transition
allowance provision" found on the contract.
Awarded with a monetary raise after successful completion of my Bachelors degree program.
Administrative Assistant
 
June 2007
 
to 
March 2013
 
Company Name
Utilize financial software to generate payment documents such as purchase orders, delivery orders, requisitions, travel advances, and other
general accounting documents.
Process payments through the City of Austin credit card system, including the reconciling of processed credit card transactions and ensure
the usage of correct funding and codes.
Reconcile statement of accounts including researching any outstanding invoices, and resolve existing discrepancies in order to avoid
unwanted payment delays.
Analyze dollar balances and time remaining on existing contracts and make recommendations for extensions or dollar increases.
Monitor contract performance such as the delivery of services or goods by enforcing the supply chain and ensuring that the billing is in
compliance with the contract's terms.
Authorized to record all city-owned capital items distributed within the department that are considered to be fixed assets and require
identification tags to facilitate control and accountability.
Assist the budget team with the itemizing of expenses, revenue, and plan of operations for the given period during the fiscal year in order tomaintain accurate reports including the data entry that is required utilizing the ECombs software.
Knowledge of City practices, purchasing policies and procedures, and Accounts Payable regulations.
Responsible for the distribution of petty cash and performing monthly petty cash audits for all internal custodians in the department, ensuring
that policy and procedures are enforced.
Maintain financial information, records, and electronic files in accordance to the City of Austin Records Retention policies and procedures.
Maintain a good working relationship with other city employees and the general public providing excellent customer service skills.
Appointed to participate as an interviewer to better evaluate potential hires for the department of Aviation. Accomplishments
Sponsored by the department of Aviation's Executive Assistant Director, Dave Arthur to participate in the competitive Power Pipeline
Leadership Conference in Dallas, TX to represent the City of Austin. This conference gave me insights in career development and
leadership planning.
Proposed a paperless system within the department and have completed the "Keeping it Green" project. Once implemented, using the
ProCard for processing electronic invoices and E-statements received from vendors we expect to reduce the amount of time and money
spent on a daily basis.
Successfully attained funding for the overdue maintenance and repair of the airport elevators and escalators regardless that the purchasing
deadlines for the fiscal year had expired.
Demonstrated my keen ability to work with cross-functional teams this fiscal year by helping the short-staffed budgeting team compile the
expenditures for the entire Aviation Department.
Processed accounts payable documents, and other general accounting transactions.
Assisted attorneys and the general staff with necessary courthouse filings and legal documents from external locations that needed to be
delivered or picked up.
Performed daily receptionist duties by assisting internal and external customers regarding law operations and procedures as well as
coordinating scheduled meetings for the department's staff.
Maintained record retention in accordance with the City of Austin Records Retention policies and procedures. Accomplishments
Gained knowledge in different financial areas such as purchasing, accounts payable, and accounts receivable.
Developed a database to record incoming invoices and the disbursement of payment to vendors to eliminate duplicate payments.
Recognized for work ethics, great customer service skills, and involvement as a team player.
Specialist Program Technician
 
December2005
 
to 
April 2006
 
Company Name
Performed data entry of enrollment applications for child Medicaid assistance, and affordable Children's health insurance (CHIP).
Oversaw the application processing queues in the Specialty Programs Work Group, ensuring the quotas were met on a daily basis.
Reviewed all incoming applications and data entered into the eligibility database and settled discrepancies found in all stages of the process.
Accomplishments
Appointed to Assistant Supervisor after 3 months from hire date due to quota exceeds that resulted in more than 1500 children enrolled in
the health coverage statewide.
Accounting Clerk
 
July 2002
 
to 
October 2005
 
Company Name
Assigned to the Accounts Receivable area to assist in creating invoices and statements, as well as monitoring account balances.
Prepared cash balance reports and ensured that bank deposits were accurately recorded.
Assisted with Accounts Payable processes such as purchase order requests, and the payment process of incoming invoices.
Monitored departmental budget utilizing balance spreadsheets that itemized expenditures, income, and estimation for future projects.
Accomplishments
Developed knowledge in both areas of Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable.
Saved the department money despite the short-handed status in staff and budget fall for over a year with assisting in both Accounts
Receivable and Accounts Payable.
Education
Bachelors of Arts
 
: 
Business Administration
 
CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
 
CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY, AUSTIN,
TEXAS Bachelors of Arts in Business Administration, January 2012 to December 2014
Associates of Arts
 
: 
Business Administration
 
AMERICAN INTERCONTINENTAL UNIVERSITY
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
 
AMERICAN
INTERCONTINENTAL UNIVERSITY, ILLINOIS Associates of Arts in Business Administration, November 2010 to December 2011
EAGLE PASS HIGH SCHOOL, EAGLE PASS, TEXAS
High School Diploma
 
High School Diploma, May 1998
Professional Affiliations
MAXIMUS, TEXAS ACCESS ALLIANCE to
Skills
Accounting, Credit, Invoices, Budget, Accounts Payable, Cash, Of Accounts, Accountant, Audits, Billing, Buying/procurement, Customer
Service, General Accounting, Operations, Payments, Purchasing, Receptionist, Retail Sales, Accounts Receivable, Basis, Data Entry, Assistant
Director, Associate, Aviation, Budgeting, Career Development, Contracts, Credit Card, Excellent Customer Service Skills, Executive Assistant,
Fixed Assets, Maintenance, Pipeline, Purchase Orders, Reconciling, Supply Chain, The Accounts, Clerk, Estimation, Finance, With Accounts,
And Accounting, Audit, Auditing, Benefits, Collection, Financial Report, Healthcare, Increase, Insurance Billing, Reconciliation, Solutions,
Database, Administrative Assistant, Disbursement, Filings, Great Customer Service Skills, Legal Documents, Team Player, Medicaid, Quota