SALES REP
Summary
Sales Executive
 
offering outstanding sales presentation, communication, closing skills, Â and Â team management skills. High-energy, results-
oriented leader with an entrepreneurial attitude. 
Desires a high-level position in a professional service oriented environment.
Core Accomplishments
Founded The Success Group and grew personal sales to $200,000.00 the first year with a steady growth for the next 5 years.Â 
Initiated "Program" sales for area Auto Dealerships in Atlanta to purchase imprinted promotional items in mass with each dealership's name with
the brand's logo, saving each dealership by quantity purchasing, and increasing our bottom line significantly.
Negotiated campaigns in conjunction with radio and print advertising to increase service dept.sales ( Ex: Free teddy bears given for Valentines'
Day to the ladies who came in for an oil change.)
Partnered with a Non-profit organization increasing our sales to them to over $150,000.00 yearly, helping increase awareness and donations with
their donors. Networked within this organization to gain business with other departments.
Experience
Sales Rep
 
05/2017
 
to 
04/1993
 
Company Name
Telemarketed to Presidents and CEO's of successful area companies to use our services, averaging 100 calls a week, 13 appointments per
wk resulting in 1 sale per wk.
Managed a tickler file to boost sales
Conducted on-air interviews with Presidents, CEOs, Physicians, and their clients for testimonials.
President
 
12/1998
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Strengthened company's business by leading implementation of 
[project]
 .
Promotional Advertising Distributor) Company and Client management expertise including: 
Business development, promotional sales,
interaction with client, supplier, and employees for excellent customer service, marketing communications, budget management for overall
operations.
Used industry knowledge, listening skills, and creativity to match items for clients needs while staying within their budget.
Achieved new business through networking within companies, as well as attending networking events.
Partnered with a Non-profit organization increasing our sales to them to over $150,000.00 yearly, helping increase awareness as well as
gifts from their donors.
Networked within this organization as well as others to gain business with other departments.
Associate Producer
 
04/1993
 
to 
12/1998
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Production company that aired on WSB-TV
Project management expertise including: telemarketing, sales, scheduling productions, purchasing air time, managing overall production of
segments.
Interviewed Presidents and CEO's of companies in the Atlanta Business Arena.
Interfaced with the decision makers to quickly determine their needs.
Sold and produced 32 segments a year.
Negotiated a partnership with WSB-TV to include a segment from Inside America 
in their Advertising Packages during the Olympics,
resulting in increased revenue for WSB, as well as for Inside America.
Examples of the caliber of companies we profiles: 
Emory Healthcare, Kimberly Clark, Alumax, Coca Cola Bottlers of Chattanooga,.
07/1983
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
promotional advertising distributor) 
Set appointments with decision makers, networked within companies to gain more business, reorganized
the order process for more efficient customer service and follow up of orders, continued education of the industry by attending trade shows,
seminars and studying catalogs.
Purchased existing company with revenue of $60K per year and grew it to $1.5 Million in 5 Years.
Developed programs for large auto dealer with apparel, mugs, and notepads which garnered monthly repeat business.
Designed a program for the Masonry Assoc using caps embroidered Â with the Masonry logo and their own company name.
This program resulted in Signature Advertising to become the #1 cap seller in the COUNTRY.
Won the "Best of Show" award at the Homebuilders Association Tradeshow.
Recommendations (client)Melinda Gibson 
Top qualities: Great Results, High Integrity, Creative 
"Karen became a trusted vendor to me.
I could consistently trust her for quality products, while keeping to my timeline and budget.
She truly went the extra mile for me each time we worked together." April 29, 2010.
Education and Training
Bachelor of Arts
 
University of Columbus
 
City
 
, 
State
Activities and Honors
Member of asi, (Advertising Specialty Institute) 
*Member of Atlanta Promotional Marketing Association *Member of BNI 
(Business Networking
Institute) *Chairmen for 1st Annual Gardens Alive Summer Soiree & Silent Auction benefitting the Justin Time Foundation for Missing Teens &
Young Adults *Elected to the Board of Directors for Pathway East Walk to Emmaus in 2009 *Elected Secretary for the Board of Directors for
Pathway East in 2010 
*Elected for the Board of Directors for Trafficking in America Task Force 
2011 National Winner of Senior Talent at the
COG Jubilee in Strings bowed category in 2004, 2005, 2006. Â National Runner Up of Senior Talent at COG Jubilee in Piano in 2004.
SkillsPeople Skills, New Business Development, Sales, Client Management, Customer Service, Management, Marketing Communications,
Â Networking, Presentations, Team Player
Â  Â  Â  Â Customer Testimonial
Melinda Gibson(VP with IN Touch Ministries stated: Â  "Karen became a trusted vendor to me. Â I could consistently trust her for quality
products, while keeping to my timeline and budget.She truly went the extra mile for me each time we worked together." April 29, 2010.
Others upon request