VICTIM ADVOCATE
Summary
Highly motivating, detail-oriented, and adaptable social services professional skilled in intakes and assessments, crisis management and
comprehensive case management. Possessing a strong background in the criminal justice field, excellent organizational and analytical skills,
extensive experience managing heavy case loads, working closely with social services and criminal justice agencies and program
management.Well-rounded professional experienced in applying principles of psychology to personnel handling, administration, management and
marketing problems. Extensive knowledge of human and industry behavior and performance, mental processes and assessment methods.Energetic
[Job Title] successful in program development, implementation and management, as well as community outreach for mission-oriented organizations.
Highlights
Problem solving expertise
Time management
MS Office proficiency
Case planning
Aware of legal and ethical standards
Able to work independently and as a member of a team
Comfortable with diverse populations
Excellent relationship building skills
Excellent writing and critical thinking skills
Experience performing assessments
Interpersonal, oral, and written communication skills
Trauma-informed therapy
Attentive listener
Empathetic
Detail-oriented
Strategic planner
Self-starter
Meticulous attention to detail
Results-oriented
Self-directed
Data collection and analysis
Exceptional organizational skills
Accomplishments
Data Organization
 Â 
Improved office organization by compiling quarterly budget reports, financial spreadsheets, organizational charts and company data reports
using advanced Microsoft Excel functions.
Multitasking
Demonstrated proficiencies in telephone, e-mail, fax and front-desk reception within high-volume environment.
Customer Service
Handled customers effectively by identifying needs, quickly gaining trust, approaching complex situations and resolving problems to
maximize efficiency.
Increased office organization by developing more efficient filing system and customer database protocols.
Created and implemented daily parenting workshops for teen mothers involved in the criminal justice system.
Managed a caseload of more than [Number] clients at any given time.
Experience
Victim Advocate
 
03/2014
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Created, organized and maintained files, daily case notes and electronic databases.
Organized office schedules and maintained relationships with necessary agency contacts.
Completed statistical analysis by developing, updating and maintaining statistical and related records and reports.
Attended meetings and trainings necessary for professional development and as required by the agency or its funding sources
Maintained a problem-solving, solution-oriented attitude in all aspects of work
Determined whether clients should be counseled or referred to other specialists
Asked questions that helped clients identify their feelings and behaviors
Assessed patients for risk of suicide attempts
Provided assessments, counseling, and case management services to youth and families
Conferred with clients to discuss their options and goals
Conducted regular assessments and adhered to documentation processes and proceduresCounseled individuals, groups, families, or communities regarding issues including mental health, poverty, unemployment, substance abuse,
physical abuse, rehabilitation, social adjustment, child care, or medical care
Referred clients to other support services as needed such as medical, housing, social services, employment services and legal
Provided the client with tools to better manage emotions and address any anger management issues if present
Supported residential clients in completing tasks such as toileting, brushing teeth and general hygiene.
Built positive rapport with law enforcement officers, court officials and community service agencies.
Collected information about clients, using techniques such as testing, interviewing, discussion, and observation
Analyzed information from police reports and client intakes to assess clients' abilities, needs, and eligibility for services
Effectively managed work in a limited work environment serving a large multi-cultural community, working collaboratively with judicial
officers, attorneys, court case managers, and other probation officers
Reviewed and provided comments on the adequacy of documents and took necessary steps to cure any deficiencies.
Created and maintained computer- and paper-based filing and organization systems for records, reports and documents.
Developed and created a more effective filing system to accelerate paperwork processing.
Successfully established effective systems for record retention by creating database for daily correspondence tracking.
Updated departmental standard operating procedures and database to accurately reflect the current practices.
Created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced Excel functions and calculations to develop reports and lists.
Maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes to improve accuracy and efficiency.
Created databases and spreadsheets to improve inventory management and reporting accuracy.
Successfully established effective systems for record retention by creating database for daily correspondence tracking.
Residential Advocate
 
06/2012
 
to 
05/2013
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Accompanied victims to local area hospitals, police departments, prosecutor's office and courts to provide crisis intervention and advocacy
services.
Oversaw a 24-hour hotline for victims of domestic violence and sexual assault.
Guided victims by providing case-related medical and legal information.
Counseled victims, families, and significant others.
Designed and distributed training flyers to recruit volunteers for the agency's sexual and domestic violence advocacy programs.
Assisted supervisor by managing volunteers, setting up trainings and monthly meetings.
Managed victim case files, following state and agency guidelines.
Assisted with office procedures pertinent to the operations of the program.
Generated monthly and quarterly reports for the agency to be used for grant writing and training purposes.
Accompanied victims to local area hospitals, police departments, prosecutor's office and courts to provide crisis intervention and advocacy
services.
Oversaw a 24-hour hotline for victims of domestic violence and sexual assault.
Referred clients to resources in the community that met their needs over a crisis hotline and in a residential program.
Conducted follow up calls and scheduled appointments for clients.
Surveyed surveillance cameras to ensure the safety of the clients residing in the domestic violence shelter.
Facilitated workshops that educated residents about parenting, financial literacy, self-sufficiency, legal rights and processes, and adjusting to
communal living.
Deli Clerk
 
05/2010
 
to 
05/2012
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Frequently switched between positions as Deli Clerk and Cold Food prep to support changing needs of large retailer.
Ensured minimal product shrink and coordinated secondary usage of product
Prepared a variety of foods according to customers' orders or supervisors' instructions
Received and processed cash and credit payments for in-store purchases.
Opened and closed the store, including counting cash, opening and closing cash registers and creating staff assignments.
Demonstrated that customers come first by serving them with a sense of urgency.
Worked as a team member to provide the highest level of service to customers.
Cleaned and maintained the beverage area, display cases, equipment, and order transaction area
Up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits.
Prepared food items such as sandwiches, salads, soups, and beverages
Completed closing duties, including restocking items and closing out the cash drawer.
Effectively communicated with kitchen staff regarding customer allergies, dietary needs and other special requests.
Maintained neat and attractive bakery food cases.
Took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues.
Recorded customer orders and repeated them back in a clear, understandable manner.
Frequently switched between positions as Fountain, Server, and Dishwasher to support changing needs of large industrial kitchen.
Consistently adhered to quality expectations and standards.
Checked in deliveries and signed off on products received.
Correctly received orders, processed payments and responded appropriately to guest concerns.
Served orders to customers at windows, counters and tables.
Quickly and efficiently processed payments and made accurate change.
Mastered Point of Sale (POS) computer system for automated order taking.Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.
Stocked and rotated products, stocked supplies, and paper goods in a timely basis.
Communicated with customers regarding orders, comments, and complaints
Complied with scheduled kitchen sanitation and ensured all standards and practices were met
Ensured first-in-first-out system with all ingredients labeled and stored properly
VOLUNTEER KENNELL ATTENDANT
 
03/2008
 
to 
08/2008
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Adhered to high standards of safety, cleanliness and professionalism.
Monitored animals' recovering from surgery and notified veterinarians of any changes.
Promoted skin and coat health through regular grooming.
Advised animal owners regarding sanitary measures, feeding, general care, medical conditions and treatment options.
Talked to animals to soothe them and familiarize them with the human voice.
Walked [Number] dogs each day, responding to each dog's individual needs while keeping an eye on the whole group.
Fed and watered [Number] animals each day.
Observed general shelter population for illness and injury.
Cared for animals with special medical needs, including diabetes.
Prioritized animal safety and comfort at all times.Talked to animals to soothe them and familiarize them with the human voice.Fed animals twice
daily and made sure they had access to fresh water at all times.
Support Analyst
 
03/2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries.
Addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion.Maintained up-to-date records at all times.Worked with upper management
to ensure appropriate changes were made to improve customer satisfaction.
Maintained up-to-date and comprehensive electronic and paper filing systems.Entered client records in a centralized database for progress
tracking.
Identified customer needs through market research and analysis.Worked with management to identify trends and developments that might influence
PR decisions and strategies.Developed new analytics tool to allow senior management to understand the impact of each project.
Education
Masters of Science
 
: 
Criminal Justice
 
2013
 
Saint Josephs University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
 
Masters of Science, Criminal Justice 2012-2013 Saint
Josephs University, Philadelphia, PA 3.85GPA
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Law and Justice
 
2012
 
Rowan University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
Bachelor of Arts, Law and Justice 2010-2012 Rowan University, Glassboro, NJ 3.3GPA
Technology and Homeland Security, Forensic
 
2010
 
Cumberland County College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
 
Concentration: Forensic Technology and
Homeland Security 2008-2010 Cumberland County College, Vineland, NJ 3.8 GPA, Deans List, Summa Cum Laude
Affiliations
Volunteer Facilitator
Presentations
Observed courtroom proceedings such as bail motions, arraignments, status conferences, trials, sentencing hearings and juvenile and family court
proceedings
Skills
Clerk, Heavy Machinery, Forensic, Security, Community Outreach, Compensation, Filing, Multi-line, Multi-line Phone, Multi-line Phone System,
Phone System, Operations, Training, Clients, Cases, Dynamics, Engines, Learning Center, Learning Centers, Microsoft Dynamics