BUDGET ANALYST SERIES 0560
Summary
Accounting Skills
 Â 
Knowledge of automate financial/accounting systems in order to manage fiscal date and ensure system performance.
Knowledge of system analysis techniques and procedures.
Ability 
to interpret accounting related rulings, regulations, directives and bulletins to develop sound conclusions, recommendations and applications
to specific inquires and situations.
Flexible Budget Analyst who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technologies.
Ability to communicate verbally and in writing in order to develop and deliver presentations, briefings and/ or training sessions.
Highlights
Budget analysis
Cost Benefit Analysis (CBAs)
Accurate forecasting
Financial reporting expert
Calm under pressure
Sound judgment
Staff training
Self-motivated professional
Experience
Budget Analyst Series 0560
 
Jul 2007
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
(This is a federal job)
Hours per week: 
40
Pay Plan: 
GS
Grade: 
11/12
Subject Matter expert, researching, developing and executing the Franchise Fund budget in excess of 28.6 million dollars.
Give sound conclusion when developing and executing yearly business plan by, conducting research, assembling and analyzing facts to set
customer rates and providing cost for expenditures.
Provide monthly budget briefings to department heads on monthly expenditures, workload counts and make recommendations for any
changes or adjustment.
Handle complex issues on unknown budget requirements, providing in-depth evaluations and provide executive leadership team assistance
in making sound business decisions.
Manage the following accounts. 
Payroll, staffing supplies, equipment, travel. rent and communications, depreciation and contractual services
for current fiscal year and out-years.
Subject matter expert in managing fund control points and obligating funds as needed to meet budgetary requirements, in accordance with
franchise funds and government-wide fiscal dept collection, procedures, standards, regulations and policies.
Process all financial documents in the Integrated Funds Distribution Control Point (IFCAP) system.
Review, analyze and reconcile fund expenditures with in control points on a regular basis, to ensure proper use of funds in other areas.
Ensure overall expenditures never exceed overall budget authority causing an anti-deficiency.Compile, analyze and prepare monthly, quarterly and annual budget reports by using eh the Financial Management System (FMS).
For the executive leadership team, perform studies to provide analysis and evidence of trend estimates for long and short range budgetary
and other financial planning and training.
Prepare yearly service level agreements for services provided to other agencies and ensure appropriate billing for monthly invoices.
Process the Revenue, General Ledger, Cumulative and Recurring Stats reports monthly.
Serve as the Contractor Officer Representative (COR) ensuring compliance with federal procurement laws, regulations and policies.
Oversee, review and process procurement request. 
Provide market research, Performance Work Statement (PWS), Statement of Work
(SOW) and approve IT acquisition requests. 
Upload all required documents into the Virtual Office of Acquisition (VOA) system. Work
with assigned contracting specialist to revise, gather and provide additional documents and information until package is actionable.
Communicate with different departments on a monthly basis with various GS levels, to certify the accuracy or inform them of the monthly
contract invoices.
Prepared bulletins, circulars and delegations to provide instructions and guidance on procedural policies. July 2007-August 2013
Serve as the Public Affairs Officer on department-wide issues.
Serve as the Continuity of Operations Planning Coordinator (COOP), developing and updating the plan in accordance with current
department objectives.
Team Lead on the Personal Identity Verification (PIV) system.
Provide floor access to incoming employees, contractor and visitors.
Purchase supplies and equipment.
Reconcile monthly visa statement.
GSA Liaison updating space as needed, report tenant issues and work with a team on move projects.
Build professional relationships with stakeholders, Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA), Veterans Health Administration (VHA).
Served as backup HR Liaison. 
(2007-2013) 
Serves as the timekeeping backup.
Supervisor: 
Curtis Savstrom 
(612)970-5362
Debt Management Specialist Series: 0501 
Sep 2002
 
to 
Jul 2007
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
(This is a federal job)
Hours per week: 
40
Pay Plan: 
GS
Grade: 7/9
Provided Debt Management services related to Veterinary Services (VS) and miscellaneous accounts.
Worked with the Foundation Financial Information System (FFIS), managing 
accounts by using different tables within the system to ensure
payments were posted correctly and waived any necessary penalties or interest.
Researched and modified any misapplied payments. Utilized the User Fee Systems (UFS), entering data on new customers and putting
accounts on hold.
Pulled reports in BRIO/National Finance Warehouse (FDW), to compile a weekly collection report and to research misapplied checks.
Utilized the Investigative Enforcement System (IES) tracking system to review accounts and post payments.
Analyzed financial statements measuring strengths and weaknesses of potential accounts, evaluated degree of risk in marginal situations.Initiated all referrals to collection agencies, resolved disputes, errors, and inquiries related to referrals.
Provided and reviewed financial disclosures to customers regarding outstanding delinquencies.
Reviewed and analyzed reports insuring problems, disputes, and errors discovered were corrected and follow up on those not corrected or
paid.
Organized training materials and participated in projects and activities to determine better methods and tools for performing Debt
Management activities.
Contacted customers defining account discrepancies, payment plans, and review of Civil Penalty legal dockets. Communicated with the IES
team via email and telephone.
Supervisor: 
David Santelman (612) 336-3271
Budget Analyst Series 0560
 
Sep 1994
 
to 
Sep 2002
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
(This is a federal job)
Hours per week: 40
Pay Plan: 
GS
Grade: 9
Assisted in the formulation of budget requirements for an annual budget in excess of 1.9 million dollars.
Constructed quarterly estimates of allotment requirements.
Prepared execution and midyear review of budget, to analyze additional funding needs or identify excess funds.
Analyzed status of funds to ensure all obligations were up to date, to ensure funds were obligated timely.
Processed all financial documents into the database commitment accounting system (DCAS), for obligations into Stanfins.
Received and reconciled obligation reports from Stanfins for all
accounts.
Certified fund availability on miscellaneous financial documents such as DD1610, SF1164, SF1034.
Interpreted guidance from higher headquarters, disseminated guidance and direction to staff heads and coordinated installations.
Reviewed all financial documents for accuracy of fiscal code, element resource and accounting processing codes (APC).
Verified all financial documents in a timely manner, returning any undisbursed funds to the appropriate program.
Reprogrammed excess funds as necessary to maximize expenditures.
Established policy and guidelines for year end procedures ensuring all funding demands were achieved.
Retained funds as necessary using miscellaneous obligation document form DD2406, and allocated expenditures forthcoming.
Initiated, prepared and processed military Interdepartmental Purchase Request.
Prepared, processed and approved all contracts.
Supervised one full time employee.
Was the Agency Program Director of Government credit card program. Issued cards, monitored accounts, and closed accounts as
necessary.
Utilized various regulations, such as Army Recruiting, Dept of the Army, and Department of Defense for Finance and Accounting.
Conducted person to person briefings to incoming soldiers.Conducted weekly briefings to the Commander and six Company Commanders on delinquent card holders.
Lead presentations to the higher Headquarters General Officer on status of funds, civilian training, and delinquent government visa accounts.
Supervisor: 
Major Jeffrey Glynn
Budget Technician Series 0503
 
Nov 1992
 
to 
Nov 1994
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
(This is a federal job)
Hours per week: 
40
Pay Plan: 
GS
Grade: 
5
Maintained document control logs, to comply with requirements of the Department of the Army regulations for a three state area.
Prepared automated transmittal letters on a weekly basis for travel orders and account payable items.
Prepared travel orders (DD1610) and Transportation requests in a timely manner to provide field personnel necessary documentation prior
to travel.
Posted Commitments to DCAS.
Reviewed non-stock fund orders, and payables listing within three days of receipt.
Processed voucher payments, within seven days of receipt to ensure prompt payments to vendors, in compliance with the Prompt Payment
Act.
Assured bus tickets for applicants were processed and files reconciled in a timely manner.
Assisted Budget and Accounting Technician in annual planning and development of operating budget.
Reconciled and prepared all invoices for payment of Blanket Purchase Agreements. Maintained MARKS Filing System in accordance with
AR 25-20. Typed correspondence as required.
Supervisor: 
Constance Weis
Affiliations
2015-2016 Federal Outreach Leadership Development (FOLD) Program
Skills
(Microsoft Office) Word/Outlook/ Excel/Power Point
Education
High School Diploma
 
1983
 
Southeast High School
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Awards
Performance awards: 
2008/2009/2010/2011/2012/2013/2014/2015
Time off award: 
2004 (8 hours), 2005 (2 hours)
Spot award: 
2005
End of year award: 
2005
Cash awards for Superior Service: 
March/October 1995Cash awards for Superior Service: 
1996/1997/1998/1999/2000/2001
Selected as Civilian of the Year for Fiscal Year 1997
Department of Army Commendations: 
1993/1994/June and December 1996
Training
GSA National Safety Council Defensive Driving Course. (2016)
Contracting Officer Representative with a Mission Focus (2016)
On-lline Training for Contracting Officer's Representative (2016)
FAC-COR Lever II Course (2013)
Contracting Officer's Representative Course (2011)
CON 120: 
Appropriations Law (2010)
Improved Statement of Work (2009)
Contracting Overview (2009)
Overview of Acquisition Ethics (2009)
Contracting Officer Representative with a Mission Focus (2009)
Market Research (2009)
CON 110: 
Mission Focused Contracting (2008)
Simplified Acquisition Procedures (2008)
Dunn and Bradstreet 
(2003)
Seven Habits of Highly Effective People (2006)
Management 
Development (2000)
Supervisor Correspondence (2000)
Human Resource Correspondence (2000)
Leadership Education and Development (1997)
Develop and Administer Budget (1995)
Budget Execution (1995)
Basic financial Budgeting (1995)