CONSTRUCTION AND DESIGN PROJECT MANAGER
Summary
Seasoned Design and Construction Project Manager with more than 13 years' experience in managing multimillion projects in the US and abroad.
Expertise in coordinating and overseeing all aspects of design and construction, from conceptualization to completion, while providing continuous
status reports to business owners and investors. Proven track record of achieving construction goals and consistently completing projects on time
and budget. Fluency in English and Italian with working knowledge of Spanish and French. Seeking to leverage success and experience to take
next career step in a challenging project management position with a respected institution in Connecticut.
Skills
Sage Timberline Software, Compeat, QuickBooks, Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Access)
Experience
Construction and Design Project Manager
 
10/2002
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Oversee all facets of project management for several multimillion-dollar restaurant and residential projects in 
New York City and London,
including contract negotiations and administration, project estimation, material 
purchasing, budget management, and site management;
managed design and construction for 10 projects to 
date.
Coordinate with owner and investors during pre-construction phase to develop requirements, scopes of work, and 
budgets; execute and
manage budget and schedules from conception to completion.
Organize trades, procure source materials, and liaise between owner, principal architect, designers, engineers, 
subcontractors, and vendors.
Partner with architects to solicit bids for construction and design, assess bids, and award contracts.
Manage selection and hiring of design and construction subcontractors, and work with both teams to achieve 
milestones on time and on
budget.
Document observations and photograph ongoing design and construction work, produce field reports, and 
regularly communicate project
status to internal partners weekly.
Investigate issues and expedite resolution to maintain timelines and budgets; develop strategies to prevent 
recurrence of issues.
Research and commission artisans to build site specific and custom objects for interior and exterior design and 
décor.
Source and purchase materials from international vendors, and purchase and coordinate material shipments from 
vendors to construction
sites.
Ensure compliance with requisite regulations, including federal, state, and local building codes and safety 
guidelines.
Past experience includes Education Program Coordinator at Solomon R.
Guggenheim Museum, Office Manager at Cranmer Art Conservation, Inc., and Assistant Program Manager at Trinity College.
Education and Training
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Museum Studies and Art History Art History Italian
 
The City College of New York
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Museum Studies and Art
History Art History Italian
The University of Vermont
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Dean's List
Certifications
Design and Construction 
Budget Development and Management 
Project Management 
Requests for Proposal and Estimation 
Contract
Negotiations and Administration 
Sourcing and Procurement
Skills
architect, Art, budget management, Budget Development and Management, budgets, budget, building codes, Contract Negotiations, contracts,
Design and Construction, hiring, materials, Access, Excel, Microsoft Office Suite, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, Office Manager, Procurement,
Project Management, Proposal, purchasing, QuickBooks, Research, safety, Sage, Solomon, Timberline