MAIN CHEF
Professional Summary
Lead emergency department training officer at NMH in Chicago
Core Qualifications
Professional Summary - Food service professional with 6 plus years of restaurant experience adept at FOH and BOH operations.
Demonstrated team leader with excellent staff management skills. Highly proactive customer service specialist. Driven, dedicated, and
hardworking individual offering focused leadership and operational knowledge.
Service-orientated
Inventory control and record keeping
Dynamic, Friendly restaurant host
Natural leader
Food service background
Strong work ethic
Passion for customer satisfaction
Conflict resolution techniques
Experience
Main Chef
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for the well being and security of the client, staff, site, and/or property.
Led and directed team members on effective methods, operations and procedures.Maintained a safe working and guest environment to
reduce the risk of injury andaccidents.
Carefully trained and supervised staff.Promoted high levels of excellent customer service daily.
Insured accurate reports were produced and standards always met.Promoted positivity and professionalism daily.
Organized special events in the restaurant, including receptions, promotions andcorporate luncheons.
Clearly and promptly communicated pertinent information to staff, such as largereservations or last minute menu changes.
Interacted positively with customers while promoting restaurant facilities andservices.
Correctly calculated inventory and ordered appropriate supplies.Carefully trained new employees and supervised staff in back of house and
dinningarea.
Recognized and formally acknowledged outstanding staff performance to boostcompany morale and productivity.
Actively participated in ongoing customer service programs to build sales andrapport in the community.
Promoted a positive atmosphere and went above and beyond to guarantee eachcustomer received exceptional food and service.
Led and directed team members on effective methods, operations and procedures.
Maintained a safe working and guest environment to reduce the risk of injury andaccidents.
Quickly identified problem situations and skillfully resolved incidents.
Assistant General Manager
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Ensures high customer service is kept steady and promotes a positive environment for employee as well as customer.
Responsible for the daily outcome for the restaurant.
Ensures goals are met at a timely and respectable manner.
Ensures proper documentation of daily activities as well as miscellaneous expenses are properly handled.
Responsible for the interview and hiring processes for the company.
Promotes a "can do" attitude in all employees and drives them for successes.
Follows proper protocol to maintain a safe and orderly working environment.
Provides a helpful learning environment for potential promotion.
Main prep, Cook
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning,cooking and waste control guidelines.
Verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards.Instructed new staff in proper food preparation, food
storage, use of kitchenequipment and utensils, sanitation and safety issues.
Actively involved in cost control, sanitation, menu development, training,recruitment, private dining and catering.
Regularly interacted with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and servicelevels.
Achieved and exceeded performance, budget and team goals.
Maintained smooth and timely operations in preparation and delivery of meals andkitchen sanitation.
Inspected kitchens to observe food preparation quality and service, food appearanceand cleanliness of production and service areas.
Properly labeled and stored all raw food ingredients including produce, meat, fish,poultry, dairy and dry goods in the appropriate storage
room, walk-in refrigerator,freezer or cooler.
Changed and sanitized all cutting boards, benches and surfaces when beginning anew task to avoid cross-contamination.
Cooked and served food and meals in accordance with planned menus, diet plans,recipes, portions, temperature control procedures and
facility policies.Practiced safe food handling procedures at all times.
Education
Associate of Applied Science
EMT/Paramedic Malcolm X College - Chicago, IL EMT/Paramedic Paramedic and Emergency Responder coursework, Hands-on courseworkin Disaster and Emergency Management, EMT-I Certificate class series, Coursework in Human Anatomy and Physiology
Skills
Conflict resolution, cost control, excellent customer service,customer service specialist, documentation,Inventory control, leadership, team leader,
safety.
Fast learner, goal driven, MicroSoft office proficient