BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN II
Professional Summary
Versatile BMET II highly effective at working independently and as part of a team. Expertise in installation and inspection of medical devices.
Core Qualifications
Microsoft Excel, Project and Visio
Adobe
Engineering standards
OSHA regulations
MS Office proficient
Competency in procedure development
Advanced anatomy knowledge
Advanced knowledge of embedded systems
Vast technical knowledge
Windows XP/Vista
DHCP/DNS Ethernet and Firewall proficient
LAN aptitude
Proficient in AVG, Printers, PC Security systems
Knowledge of manufacturing test methodologies.
Database servers
Local remoter systems support
Proficiency in TCP/IP protocols
Information security
Document management
Excellent communication techniques
Self-starter
Team player
Patient and diligent
Keen eye for detail
Acutely observant
Excellent problem solving skills
Experience
Company Name
 
June 2008
 
to 
Current
 
Biomedical Engineering Technician II
 
City
 
, 
State
Properly respond to service calls to evaluate, diagnose, perform repair and planned maintenance (PM) on the hospital's biomedical
equipment.
Integration of software for network systems such as Philips, Hillrom, and Hugs Infant Security System as well as installs of such systems.
Knowledge of the application and repair of computers and servers and how they interface with medical equipment.
Evaluate biomedical equipment issues, implement appropriate repairs; as assigned, perform planned maintenance (PM), maintain effective
customer relations, follow appropriate hospital policies, procedures, hospital protocol and complete necessary documentation.
Follow-up with hospital staff to ensure resolution.
Assist other technicians on basic and complex repairs.
Provide efficient service delivery for all medical devices within assigned areas.
Share the on-call / pager responsibility.
Document all repair actions and submit reports/summaries according to schedule.
Ensure proper care of spares, tools and test equipment and ensure calibration.
Maintain approved parts inventory.
Brings ideas/concerns to supervisor; participates in department decision-making.
Assist senior biomedical equipment technicians or leads with in-service educational programs on equipment use to staff.
Ensure all work orders, vendor service reports, PM activities, purchase orders and other duties are documented in an accurate and timely
manner.
Perform electrical safety checks on incoming medical equipment and monitor maintenance and repair records for them also.
Add to or change original components to meet specific or diagnostic requirements.
Maintain, inspect, install devices and system configurations, and oversee the hospital's Hugs infant security system which protects all
pediatric / newborn patients from abduction.
Review outcome of preventive maintenance actions and make recommendations to department staff concerning outcomes.
Knowledge of basic anatomy and physiology as applied to the use of biomedical equipment.
Knowledge of color code conventions used in component and wiring marking.
Promoted to one of 3 Lead Techs overseeing Preventive Maintenance (PM) inspections that are due each month throughout various
locations in the hospital, in charge of keeping the Supervisor informed on PM statistics, tracking the PM process week by week, and
training other techs on PMs.
Ability to lift up to 100 lbs and push a cart up to 250 lbs.Ability to stand and walk for hours at time.
Company Name
 
January 2006
 
to 
July 2008
 
Nutrition Clerk
 
City
 
, 
State
Keep a count of patients' carbs intake throughout the day.
Assist nurses in monitoring patients' daily meals to ensure they do not eat any foods restricted on their diet plan; prep and serve supplement
drinks to the patients while providing excellent customer service.
Company Name
 
November 2006
 
to 
June 2008
 
Manager/Assistant Service Coordinator
 
City
 
, 
State
Input, update, upload, and maintain master schedule files for DeVry University Kansas City, MO main campus and other DeVry branches.
Utilize Oracle database to schedule courses for the upcoming term and review student academic records to compare grade progression.
Provide tutoring for DeVry students, schedule the ESC staff as well as perform clerical chores for the academic and registrar office as
needed.
Managed a staff of 6-8.
Company Name
 
June 2006
 
to 
November 2006
 
Receptionist
 
City
 
, 
State
Answered phone calls and greeted customers, assisted staff with special projects, alphabetized and filed paperwork.
Monitored equivalency tests for new students to access knowledge before they enroll and monitored proficiency tests for current students
who want to test out of classes.
Cleaned student testing.
area and reception areas; alphabetized student academic files so they could be ready for scanning into the school's electronic records
database; received and submitted transcript requests to the Systems Administrator.
Skills