EXECUTIVE CHEF
Summary
Over 29 years experience in front and back of house. Â Seeking a Management position. Expert in managing kitchen staff and preparing foods at
reduced cost without compromising quality and taste. Executive Chef with 4 years of experience in high-pressure culinary environments. Skilled in
preparing large volumes of food quickly and efficiently.Â 
Highlights
Kitchen, Bar, & Dining Room Operations
Integrated Inventory Control
Promotions & Up-selling
Budgeting / Profit & Loss
Management 
Safety & Sanitation Compliance
Innovative Menu Planning
Vendor Management & Negotiation
Strategic Kitchen Planning
Budget Management Culinary
Staff Training and Development
Menu Management
Team Building and LeadershipÂ 
OutstandingÂ Guest Relations
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Executive Chef
 
08/2010
 
to 
08/2014
Innovative menu development and planning.
Food and labor cost control.
Food presentation and preparation.
Managed special events.
Purchasing and inventory management.
One on one customer relations with clientele.
Purchase or requisition supplies and equipment needed to ensure quality and timely delivery of services.
Training and developing employees.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Kitchen Manager
 
08/2009
 
to 
07/2010
Recommended measures for improving work procedures and workers performance.
Created work schedules and organized employee time sheets.
Assign duties, responsibilities, and work stations to employees in accordance to with work requirements.
Performed various financial activities such as cash handling, deposits and payroll.
Observe and evaluate workers and work procedures to insure quality and standards.
Complete disciplinary write-ups and performance reports.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Sous Chef
 
08/2007
 
to 
09/2009
Help train, develop and grow kitchen staff.
Planning, preparing and direction food operations in kitchen and outgoing catering orders.
Making sure all kitchen staff works to the highest culinary standards.
Checking quality and quantity of food received from suppliers.
Giving both positive and negative feedback to staff on a daily basis.
Making sure that all in house kitchen and catering policies were implemented.
Training and developing employees.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Lead Expeditor/Customer Service Rep
 
04/2005
 
to 
08/2008
Delivering catering orders to surrounding airports.
Customer service.
Data entry using Quick books.
Packaging and labeling orders for outgoing deliveries.
Shopping for special requests throughout San Diego Area for an elite clientele.
Training and developing Employees.
Skills: Consistently working to high standards, Gain in-depth familiarity with any kitchen's operations, Serve Safe Management Certified,
Knowledge of different styles of cooking, Resolving personal conflicts between staff members.
Constantly working hard to achieve personal goals and objectives. Process improvement analysis and implementation.
Education
Restaurant/Hotel Management 
2017
 
Penn Foster
Management Serve Safe Certified
 
2015
 
City
Skills
Consistently working to high standards, Gain in-depth familiarity with any kitchen's operations, Serve Safe Management Certified, Knowledge of
different styles of cooking, Resolving personal conflicts between staff members, Constantly working hard to achieve personal goals and objectives,
Process improvementanalysis and implementation