MULTI-SKILLED ENGINEERING MANAGER
Qualifications
Microsoft Project
Microsoft Office
Microsoft Visio
IBM Rationale DOORS
Communication/Presentations
Risk Analysis
Process Improvement
CMPro
Experience
Multi-Skilled Engineering Manager
 
03/2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Graduate of Boeing's GS&S Emerging Leadership Development Program.
Selected to participate in Boeing's Systems Engineering Leadership Program.
Tested and implemented first time quality metrics across Boeing's GS&S division.
Recognized as a Technical Lead Engineer within the Hardware Engineering Integrated Product Team (IPT).
Led a hardware team through the successful development and delivery of multiple F-15 training systems to customers including the United
States, Korea, Singapore and Saudi Arabia.
Manage a team of sixteen electrical and mechanical engineers who are responsible for the design and development of high fidelity training
devices for the US Navy, Royal Australian Air Force and NASA.
These devices include the P-8A, F-22 and the CST-100 Starliner.
Lead multiple initiatives with a goal of continuous improvement.
These initiatives have included a thirty-five percent reduction in the electrical engineering cost estimating relationship, simplifying the retrofit
process, modifying the peer review process, implementing Design To Value and focusing on first time quality.
Work with engineers on my team to aid them in their career development by providing them opportunities with increased responsibility.
Responsible for staffing projects in work and new projects as they are awarded.
Develop project schedules and monitor performance using Earned Value Management (EVM).
Manage communication between multiple teams including systems engineering, procurement, manufacturing and software engineering.
Lead Systems Engineer
 
08/2008
 
to 
03/2015
 
Led a multi-functional team in the development of hardware systems to support military, space capsule and commercial flight simulators.
Performed project management tasks such as working with the customer to define the scope of the project, developing project schedules,
generating staffing profiles, and monitoring the project with EVM.
Supported technical proposals by defining hardware solutions, developing project schedules, assisting in the creation of a Work Breakdown
Structure, producing the Bill of Materials and providing hardware labor estimates.
Served as the technical point of contact for multi-function teams including electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, software
engineering, procurement and manufacturing.
Presented technical solutions and project status to senior management and customers.
Lead Electrical Engineer
 
05/2005
 
to 
08/2008
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Led electrical engineering for the design, development, manufacturing and delivery of ten military flight simulators for the US Air Force and
two flight simulators for Singapore.
Team was able to complete electrical engineering tasks ahead of schedule and under budget.
Initiated the lean practice of performing hardware checkout in the final phase of manufacturing instead of waiting for manufacturing turnover.
This practice resulted in a schedule savings of three weeks per flight simulator.
Validated electrical engineering drawings met the requirements and were compliant with our drawing standards.
Supervised the installation of numerous flight simulators throughout the United States, United Kingdom and South Korea.
Electrical Engineer
 
11/2001
 
to 
05/2005
 
Designed electrical systems to be integrated in military flight simulators.
These systems included AC/DC power distribution, video distribution, control loaders and communication systems.
Designed wire harnesses for military flight simulators.
This effort consisted of specifying the components, wire and connector sizing, and interfaces.
Developed design specifications, schematics and assembly drawings for the manufacturing of military flight simulators.
Played an integral part in the production of the first high fidelity F-15 flight simulator based on an architecture consisting of personal
computers.
Initiated the trade study to utilize commercially available uninterruptible power supplies instead of custom designed power distribution
systems to provide power to simulators.
Resulted in a cost savings of $150,000 per training facility.Education
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
 
Indiana University
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Electrical Engineering
 
Electrical Engineering
BSEE
 
University of Evansville
Project Management Graduate Certificate
 
Villanova University
Interests
Secret Security Clearance 
Youth Sport Coordinator and Coach
Skills
Air Force, budget, Hardware, Conflict Management, continuous improvement, DC, delivery, DOORS, electrical engineering, electrical systems,
Engineer, Estimating, senior management, functional, drawing, Hardware Design, IBM, Leadership, Team Leadership, Leadership Development,
Materials, mechanical, mechanical engineering, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Visio, Navy, peer review, power distribution,
power supplies, Presentations, Process Improvement, procurement, producing, Project Management, Project Planning, proposals, quality, Risk
Analysis, schematics, Siemens, software engineering, staffing, Systems Engineering, video
Additional Information
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Secret Security Clearance 
Youth Sport Coordinator and Coach