MORTGAGE BANKING EXECUTIVE ANALYST
Summary
Focused Operations Manager successful in contract negotiation and process improvement. Remains calm and poised even in high-pressure
situations. Leverages in-depth knowledge of industry trends and shifts to offer valuable insights on opportunities for new growth and expansion.
Highlights
Change management
Policy/program development
Cross-functional team management
Staff training
Supervision and training
Skilled negotiator
Sound judgment
Computer-savvy
Calm under pressure
Complex problem solving
Operations management
Accomplishments
Business Development:
 Â 
Successfully grew business by [action].
Project Management:
 Â 
Initiated [project] which resulted in [positive outcome].
People Management:
[Describe accomplishment 1]
[Describe accomplishment 2]
Financial Management:
[Describe accomplishment 1]
[Describe accomplishment 2]
Research
Conducted research which led to the development of [program].
Leadership
Served as key contributing member to Leadership team.
Experience
Company Name
 
January 2009
 
to 
Current
 
Mortgage Banking Executive Analyst
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for escalated issues and problem solving providing support by answering inquiries for 
Internal and External Partners, Senior
Management and Third Party Customers relating delinquent mortgage accounts with the intent to bring delinquent accounts current.Responsible for researching and providing customized documentation to Senior Executives and Management on servicing and default related
issues.
Ability to work with Servicing Systems as well as accurately analyze information from the system with in depth knowledge of Chase
products and services Participation in various initiatives and initiate improvement in departmental projects.
Collaborated with legal and compliance to ensure accurate resolutions are provided on escalated mortgage issues Monitor and research
Government Agencies concerns pertaining mortgage lending practice for customers and communicate a response either by telephone and or
written response.
Create reports for senior management for monthly volume of correspondence received from the office of Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller.
Built and maintained relationship with internal/external partners.
Communicate with customers either by telephone communication and or written response to assist them with their concerns about their
mortgage issues Handle 300 cases weekly from Loss Mitigation including cases involving suspicious activity.
Tracked and communicated business goals for team to meet weekly, monthly matrix and provided daily report to upper management of
team/department performance and SLA.
Self-authored written responses, adhering to Chase's business letter-writing guidelines and within RESPA guidelines.
Company Name
 
January 2003
 
to 
February 2015
 
Business Manager - Analyst
 
Research accounts when needed to resolve delinquency & payment issue that has been applied incorrectly and issue credits when needed.
Term employee's from group life plan when needed also groups for non-payment, salary changes, and collection calls, send delinquent
letters on account 30-45 day.
Take inbound customer relation calls from brokers and clients assisting with resolving issues pertaining to problems from billing, enrollment,
credits, terminations etc.
Responsible for accurate and timely processing of new firm installation of new sold cases (small, large, voluntary, self-administered), benefit
changes, and maintenance for administration Collaborate with clients, A/R and Sales to increase speed of receivables and prevent
interruption of service to clients Work extensively with Executive Directors
Management on escalated cases with billing discrepancies for test plans and cases for the business process of applications Manage
workflow of Supervisors and upper level Management.
Responsible for various project management gathering information and documentation for test plans and cases for the business process of
applications Supervise a staff of 25 people.
Vera Perry Cont._.
Managed team of 25
Company Name
 
January 2006
 
to 
January 2009
 
Deposit Recovery Collector
 
City
 
, 
State
Risk Management Deposit Recovery Collector Was responsible for customer communications to make to scheduled payment arrangements
to bring past due accounts current.
Worked on an quantrax Auto Dialer system.
Recorded customer communications and document accounts within the department metrics and company policy for collection and accounts
receivable efforts to keep accounts within company current status.
Company Name
 
January 2003
 
to 
January 2007
 
Senior Tax Preparer Manager
 
City
 
, 
State
Served as executive assistant to the management team, handled a busy phone system, functioned as primary liaison to customers and
ensured a consistently positive customer experience.
Helped drive a 10% increase in customer satisfaction (as measured by a customer survey in 
(2003-2007).
Created automated daily stats report that reduced inaccuracies and provided management with an important decision-making tool.
Quickly became a trusted assistant to the company president, executive staff and office manager and earned a reputation for maintaining a
positive attitude and producing high-quality work.
Trained new tax preparer and audited processed work to assure the accurate information was being reported to the IRS in behalf of the
customer individual and business taxes.
Managed a staff of ten (10) plus tax preparers.
Skills
accounts receivable, billing, Business Analysis, business process, CMS, clients, customer satisfaction, decision-making, documentation, Senior
Management, Fast, Financial, Government, Imaging, legal, letters, Lotus, Excel, Office, PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, office manager, Oracle,
Peach Tree, phone system, problem solving, producing, project management, quality, researching, Research, Risk Management, Sales, SLA,
Solomon, tax, taxes, telephone, Workflow, written
Education
San Francisco State University
 
Bachelors of Science
 
: 
Management
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Management
CAL State Hayward
 
Bachelor of Business Administration
 
: 
Accounting
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Accounting
BA
BS