LEASING CONSULTANT
Executive Summary
Dedicated leasing consultant, highly skilled in conflict resolution and customer relations. 
My main focus is satisfying tenants and maintaining high
occupancy ratesÂ all while reporting any major issues to property owners and taking the initiative to find workable solutions. I am a q
 uality-
focused Leasing Consultant who genuinely cares about property conditions, resident satisfaction and fulfilling property owner needs.Â 
Education
High School Diploma
 
June 2010
 
Bethel High school
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Member of the Drill team 
Member of Color guard with BHS marching band
Graduated with the second highest rank in the JROTC program
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Psychology
 
2016
 
Virginia Wesleyan College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Major in Psychology, Minor in business,Â 
 Introduction to Business
coursework,Â 
 
Coursework in Business Management and Administration,Â 
 Coursework in Organizational Development ,Â 
 Coursework
Accounting
Core Qualifications
Skilled multi-tasker
Team player
Microsoft Office
Knowledge of leasing and market conditions
Decisive
Personable
Fast learner
Fair housing mandates
Flexible schedule
Interests
Volunteered with homeless shelter at Virginia Wesleyan College, Volunteered with neighborhood tutoring at Virginia Wesleyan College,
Community Service for CHKD with my class at Virginia Wesleyan College, Volunteered at my church in Hampton, VA (Sixth Mount Zion Baptist
Temple), PORTfolio Program.
Skills
Â communication skills, computer literate, credit, addressing customer concerns, 
People skills: enthusiastic people person, advanced problem-
solving, great organizational skills,
 Â quick learner, Retail Sales, sales, team player, telephone, visual displays
Professional Experience
Leasing Consultant
 
03/2014
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Greet prospects and qualify by covering all criteria (ask questions; utilize completed guest cards, etc.).
Immediately record all telephone and in-person visits on appropriate reports.
Inspect models and available "market ready", communicate related service needs to Property Manager.
Demonstrate community and apartment/model and apply product knowledge to clients needs by communicating the features and benefits;
close the sale.
Have prospect complete application and secure deposit in accordance with the company procedures and Fair Housing requirements.
Update availability report, process applications for approvals.Â 
 i.e., credit check, rental history, etc.) Submit processed applications to the
Community Manager for approval.
Follow up with applicant regarding status.
Ensure apartment is ready for resident to move-in on agreed date.
Immediately follow-up on prospects that did not close and attempt to close sale again.
Secure new resident's signature(s) on appropriate paperwork prior to move-in.
Orient new residents to community.
Gather information about market competition in the area and file.
Filing resident paper work
Completed resident folders and Move-Out Folders
Customer Service Representative (Summer Position)
 
05/2012
 
to 
08/2012
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Family Dollar customer service representatives meet and greet customers, assist in sales, and answer questions about products and services.
Â operate cash registers
Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and store promotions.
Politely assisted customers in person and via telephone.
Ensured superior customer experience by addressing customer concerns, demonstrating empathy and resolving problems on the spot.
Third Shift Cashier (Summer Position)
 
05/2010
 
to 
09/2010
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Greeted customers entering the store to ascertain what each customer wanted or needed.
Using Point of Sale (POS) system, take customers order in either Drive-thru or at front counter.
Collect payment and give back change as needed.
Repeat customer order for accuracy, assemble customers order, hand order to Customer, thank customer.
Must be able to communicate to production area, any Special requests by customer.
Re-stock condiments and dry products (cups, napkins, utensils) for customer and store use.
Operated a POS system to itemize and complete an average of number customer purchases.
Sales Associate
 
04/2008
 
to 
06/2010
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Provided prompt, accurate, and friendly service to our customers through the achievement of customer service standards.Scans a customer order and handles the payment transaction.
Followed procedures in handling cash, checks, coupons, gift certificates, food stamps, and WIC vouchers.
Politely assisted customers in person and via telephone.
Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and store promotions.
Bagged sold merchandise per customer's request.
Directed calls to appropriate individuals and departments.
Built long-term customer relationships and advised customers on purchases and promotions.
Additional Information
RELEVANT COURSEWORK:
Introduction to Business-as CEO of project team, developed and wrote business plan for "Soul of The South". Presented plan orally and in writing
to "Shark Tank" judges consisting of alumni of VA Wesleyan College and the surrounding community.Â 
Original research project for psychology course:Â conduct an independent empirical study, prepare a paper on their research, and defend the
effort in an oral examination before a committee comprised of the project advisor, one other psychology faculty member, and one faculty member
outside of psychology.Â For myÂ independent study I will be testing theÂ effects of distraction and timing on short term memory. I will be using
music in my study to test the impact of auditory distraction on short term memory performance by using word recall.Â Timing is another
independent variable in my experiment. EachÂ participant will have to recall a number of words during a certain time duration while listening to
music and while not listening to music.Â 
 ?