ENGINEERING MANAGER/QUALITY MANAGER
Profile
Results driven Mechanical Engineer with excellent technical, analytical, and communication skills. A record of positive achievement demonstrated
by extensive participation and leadership in Manufacturing Engineering, Engineering Management, and Production Management projects.
Additional experience in design, marketing and manufacturing support for fabricated metal products used for polymer filtration, turbine engine gas
path seals, aerospace and industrial acoustic treatments, and thermal barrier systems. Four years experience in product design and manufacturing
supervision for metallic brush seals used in gas and steam turbine engines. Seven years experience in Design and Manufacturing Engineering of
aerospace and industrial acoustic products. Developed process for electrolytic nickel plating and brazing components used for semi-conductor
bases. Justified, specified, developed layout and supervised construction of a 20,000 square foot metal working plant used for manufacturing semi-
conductor bases. Developed manufacturing process for turbine engine abradable air seals. Justified, specified and supervised installation and start
up of machine tools, furnaces, welding equipment, and adhesive bonding equipment used to manufacture turbine engine compressor shrouds and
main engine and auxiliary power unit acoustic treatments. Designed proprietary equipment for use in manufacturing porous metal fiber media used
in filtration, acoustic, thermal barrier and air seal applications. Oversaw implementation of AS9100 and ISO9001 Quality Management Systems.
Managed relocated product distribution activities from New York to Florida.
Areas of Expertise
Project Management
Quality Management System Implementation
Production and Engineering Management
Staff development
Cost reduction
Process development and documentation
Process improvement/simplification
Source evaluation and selection
Professional Experience
Engineering Manager/Quality Manager
 
May 2000
 
to 
December 2015
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Design, build, and test acoustic silencers for industrial and aerospace applications.
Provide noise control analysis, recommend materials and noise control solutions.
Provide other technical analysis as needed to support sales and marketing.
Provide sales support for other electrical and mechanical devices distributed by Allied International.
Responsible for all shop and office functions at the DeLand, FL facility.
Responsible for Allied's Quality Management and Quality Control activities.
Manufacturing Engineer Project Engineer, Sales Engineer Product Development Engineer, and Manufacturing Engineering Manager
 
April 1980
 
to 
May 2000
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Managed a staff of up to 12 manufacturing engineers and technicians.
Department responsibilities included development and documentation of all manufacturing and inspection processes, vendor selection,
product cost estimating, equipment justification, design and installation, tool and fixture design, and facility planning.
Member of the Technetics Quality Council, Material Review Board, and Management Corrective Action Board.
Chairman of the Statistical Process Control Committee.
Supervised development of manufacturing capabilities for machining, welding, brazing, heat treating, metal plating, adhesive bonding, and
plasma spraying in compliance with a wide variety of commercial, aerospace, and government requirements.
Worked with equipment and service suppliers to develop new manufacturing processes for brush seals and other new products.
Supervised scheduling and daily activities of employees in the machine shop, seal ring, and brush seal manufacturing cells.
Provided designs and/or provided customers with design assistance for sintered metal fibers used for abradable turbine engine seals,
acoustic treatments, thermal barriers, high temperature gaskets, and compliant spacers.
Collected and analyzed data for statistical process control and improvement.
Audited systems and processes for ISO 9000 compliance.
Developed operator and equipment test procedures for special process qualifications.
Justified and supervised installation of in-house CAD/CAM capabilities.
Managed an 18 month Just In Time implementation project with assistance from a team from Arthur Anderson Consultants.
This project was successful in reducing product lead times and work in process inventory by over 25% for stainless steel filter element
manufacturing.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Mechanical Engineering
 
, 
1978
 
Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering, - Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology. Additional management and business training at Stetson
University and Brunswick Corporation.
Skills
Experience with AutoCAD, Microsoft Office, and various ERP systems.
ISO9001 and AS9100 auditing.