OWNER/PRESIDENT
Professional Profile
A seasoned marketing professional who delivers results in alignment with strategic business plans by developing and executing marketing
campaigns as well as managing external agencies.
Qualifications
Strategic marketing planning
Results measurement
Strategic development
Experiential customer events
Plan execution
NASCAR sponsorship
Video production
Execution of Webinars
Product positioning
Brand developmentIntegrated marketing communications
Account relations
Tactical planning
Relevant Experience
Oversaw campaign that exceeded annual goals and increased brand relevance with consumers/
Experience
Owner/President
 
January 2013
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
Freelance communications and digital content creation for corporate and independent businesses.
Development and production of video content for internet and social media.
Strategic Marketing Manager
 
January 2010
 
to 
January 2012
Formulated, directed and coordinated marketing activities to promote products and services Maximized marketing budget and coordinated
media buys.
Provided oversight of PR and trade show activity.
Created strategies to stretch marketing and promotional budgets while improving brand impact in the marketplace.
Adjusted marketing mix and implemented an improved integrated strategy.
Took ownership of and executed an experiential NASCAR marketing program that raised awareness for one of our brands and increased
pull-through rate for the product resulting in a 15% increase in production volume and sales and $3 million of total branded TV exposure as
estimated by Joyce Julius.
This program also resulted in strengthening a relationship with a major customer.
Reduced shipping and set-up costs for trade show properties by $3000 per event by refreshing tradeshow properties and displays.
Developed impactful displays designed and engineered to be lighter and easier to transport to shows.
Cost savings of $50,000 over the entire trade show season.
Developed and refined an iPad App designed and implemented to standardize sales materials and presentations.
This provided customer facing brand consistency and product specification accuracy.
It improved the process of creating sales presentations and eliminated redundancy making sales staff more efficient and productive.
Product Marketing and Brand Manager
 
January 2003
 
to 
January 2010
Managed and coordinated marketing and branding activities, created communications materials Created an engine brand for the commercial
vehicle market.
Developed strategy, positioning, naming and graphic elements along with brand standards and guidelines.
This allowed the company to focus marketing and advertising efforts to meet brand objectives as well as optimizing budgets.
Produced an award winning documentary video from conception to completion to depict the company's 75-year history.
Finished product was an integral part of an internal and external communications campaign to illustrate product evolution leading up to a new
product launch.
The project required extensive historic research and fact checking.
Hands-on production saved $75,000 in cost.
Developed and executed an integrated brand launch in partnership with a Country Music Association event in Nashville.
Combined an on-site product experience with a premium distribution and interactive web site.
Billboard Magazine recognized the sponsorship for extraordinary innovation.
Developed and implemented a PR and communications campaign that increased consumer interaction and loyalty to a company brand and
Integrated customer events with website interaction.
Project was completed on time and on budget.
Managed internal corporate events that included planning, logistics and vendor management for Board of Directors meetings, Wall Street
analyst gatherings, and Annual Dealer Meetings This reduced production costs 50% resulting in $1 million annual savings.
Executive producer
 
January 1999
 
to 
January 2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
StateManufacturer, marketer and distributor of trucks and engines (Fortune 200 Company.
Education
BA
 
: 
Communications
 
, 
2005
 
Benedictine University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Communications Magna Cum Laude
Accredited Certificate, Computer Graphic Design, International Academy of Design and Technology, Chicago, IL
 
: 
1996
Affiliations
Member, American Marketing Association
Skills
advertising, analyst, agency, Brand development, Branding, budgets, budget, content, content creation, equity, focus, Freelance, Graphic Design,
graphic, innovation, logistics, managing, marketing, market, marketing communications, materials, Meetings, positioning, presentations, PR,
research, sales, shipping, specification, strategy, Strategic development, Strategic marketing, TV, vendor management, video, Video production,
web site, website
Additional Information
Awards Chicago BMA "Tower Award" / Websites over $50,000 / MaxxForce.com 
2007 Chicago chapter Business Marketing
Association "Tower Award" / Logo Design / MaxxForce Diesel Power logo 
2007 PCC "Silver Trumpet" / Marketing Communications /
Ford Power Stroke Diesel CREW Club program 
2004 (The PCC Golden/Silver Trumpet award recognizes distinguished achievement for
excellence in planning, creativity, and execution in public relations and related communications.) Publicity Club of Chicago "Golden
Trumpet" / Marketing Communications / Navistar "The Dieselization of America" public relations campaign 
2002