INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST
Professional Summary
To secure a position as an Information Technology in a challenging and competitive environment, where my information systems, and network
development, design , diagnostics which will 
fully utilized, and offer new and refreshing ideas in an environment for improvement and efficiency in
Networking and Security related areas and offer an opportunity for advancement. Troubleshooting and analytical skills with capacity to accurately
identify and assess problems before providing expert solutions. Dedicated to providing quality customer support; consistently meet or exceed client
needs by providing service beyond expectation. Communication and interpersonal skills with abitility to listen effectively respond appropriately and
maintain mutual comfort level while relating to a diverse group of individuals. Proven project management abilities; able to assume multiple
responsibilities and remain productive within time-sensitive and fast-paced environments. Recognized for professionalism, thoroughness, and
commitment to quality and teamwork. Ready to assume new challenges to meet or succeed objectives.
Core Qualifications
Platforms: 
Windows XP, Windows 7, Server 2003, Server 2008
Hardware: 
PC's, Dell Servers, HP ProLiant Servers, HP-UX, Sun Servers and Printers set up and installation
Applications: 
MS Office, Symantec, Active Directory, VMware vSphere, BSM (HP Business Service Management), NNMi - iSPI (similar to
Netview), HPNA (HP Network Automation)
Experience
Information Technology Specialist
 
December 2014
 
to 
July 2015
 
Company Name
On-Site headquarters in VPSI.
Establish and maintain a high level of customer service relative to internal and external customers.
Provide technical leadership and support in planning and keeping track of IT budget.
Installing network hardware and software including network operating systems, managing and maintaining 12 local physicals and 20 virtual
servers; ensuring daily tape backups system using ARC server.
Security monthly updates via WSUS for servers and workstations.
Works on assignments that are moderately complex in nature.
Addressing network issues.
Support for a small LAN/WAN network-level problems on the live network using network management tools.
Corrects or suggests alternative solutions to problems.
Ability to plan prioritizes, organize and document work to maximize performance.
Work with end users to collect, analyze and evaluate business information system requirements.
Work with VPSI business units/programs to design and develop functionalities that meet business requirements.
Use judgment and creativity to design approach to meet requirements/specifications as provided by business development and project
managers.
Responsible for estimating, creating, and meeting the timeline of the development for release.
Develop requirements documents, create technical design documents.
Perform system tests, user acceptance tests, and implement plan.
Test site and application to ensure proper operation and freedom from defects.
Review, analyze, and perform web site content updates in accordance with customer's instructions, standards, and guidance.
Attend scheduled meetings and participate as lead or team member accordingly.
Network Management System Engineer
 
May 2008
 
to 
December 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Working with NMS team to designs and develops BSM/ NNMi-iSPI / HPNA to analyze, anticipate and remediate service health issues
quickly, efficiently.
Optomize performance & availability across applications, system, networks and storage, over cloud, virtual and traditional IT environments.
Improves user experience at a lower cost to the business.
With NNMi-iSPI your network operations team to efficiently manage a network of any size, reduce the business risk of downtime, and
increase network service levels.
The HP NNMi Smart Plug-in add-on modules (iSPIs) enhance NNMi capabilities and add awareness of specialized network environments,
providing your team with the information it needs to anticipate and more quickly find and fix problems.
In addition, through unified workflows enabled by advanced integrations, you can repair network faults with HP Network Automation
software.
Upgraded Cisco Secure Access Control Server (CSACS) 1121 network appliance version 5.4 and responsible for deploying applications
and services into the NMCI and affiliated USMC networks.
Supported system infrastructure associated with NMCI (Navy Marine Corps Intranet) project in compliance with Service Level Agreement
(SLA) with Department of Navy (DoN) and Marine Network.Testing, Certification and Delivery of Networking/Information Assurance solutions.
Designs create Test Strategies, Program Level Test Plan, and Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) that will best support the enterprise
to ensure that all project requirements and solutions are being delivered in a collaborative and timely manner for engineered solutions.
Responsible for testing, validating and certifying solutions, Incentive Projects in the Proving Center Lab, for the NMCI project.
Utilize HPES testing methodology; analyze testing requirements as the basis for developing testing scenarios for a test level to be executed
on a project.
Analyze the results of the testing process and recommends solutions.
Define, identify, collect and organize detailed information relating to testing requirements.
Interact with the project team to gain an understanding of the business environment, technical contact, and conformance criteria.
Understand and use appropriate automated testing processes and tools.
Stay current on established tools, techniques and technologies.
Supports knowledge management and collaboration through participation in testing discussion, communities and improving testing collateral
through lessons learned Involved in Design, installation, configuration, maintenance, remote management and coordination of various
network gear in 3 different large-scale Lab environments.
Co-ordinate the Certification deadlines with Engineers and Project Managers, provide implementation plan if needed.
Installation and configuration of Juniper Netscreen Firewalls/VPN, setting up site-to-site VPN Tunnel, Redundancy, Fail-over, F5 Load
Balancers, G2-Sidewinders, Route-Reflector, Symantec IPS, Riverbed WANX, etc.
Manage and responsible for the Symantec Endpoint Protection in Development Lab and Model Office.
Knowledge of working with Security patches, Hardening scripts, VPN access, Netscreen Security Manager, Retina scanner tool, mitigate
vulnerabilities, HBSS, SEPM, etc.
Experience working with Classified TACLANES Type-1 devices, TALON, SecNet.
Familiar with VoIP and Cisco Unified Messaging, including Call Manager, Unity gatekeepers/gateway, and Video Tele-Conferencing
(VTC) products Deployed and re-imaged desktop and laptops using System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), GPO, HP-OVCM
Patch/software management tool.
Information Technology Deployment, Specialist
 
May 2007
 
to 
May 2008
 
Company Name
Under general supervision, monitors, operates and maintains hardware, software, and networks for a computing platform.
Configures, assembles and installs microcomputers, workstations and/or peripheral equipment.
Performs first line support for service interruptions such as printer routing, 
power outages, wiring problems, and malfunctioning servers.
Escalates unresolved problems to expedite resolution.
Maintains disaster recovery procedures for LAN and related equipment/software.
Upgrades, modifies and replaces hardware, software and network components.
Performs system backup and recovery activities.
Migrating data/users profiles.
Creates and maintains user login identification (user id) information and login scripts.
Install Software, configure and maintain Desktops, Laptops, printers, scanners, and other peripheral equipment.
Provide advice and guidance on recommended software and hardware peripheral equipment.
Responsible for connecting new client PC's to the network while ensuring network compliance.
Troubleshooting network connectivity, network printing, and user access issues.
Build and maintain computer systems and performed memory upgrades.
Provide local and remote desktop support department and data recovery center.
Monitors system performance, gathers data, and prepares management reports.
Audits hardware/software inventory to ensure their integrity as well as licensing compliance.
Updates and maintains site administration manual documentation.
May provide user orientation on hardware, or software or network operations.
Keeps abreast of emerging operational support technologies and industry trends.
Hardware 
- Knowledgeable in troubleshooting, installing, and configuring and maintaining most PC based hardware, related to all types of
desktop PC and notebook hardware 
including motherboards, CPU s memory, sound and video, hard drives, CD/DVD ROMs, card
readers, USB devices; and external input/output devices such as printers, scanners, cameras.
Software - Troubleshooting, installing, and configuring and maintaining most major software applications including Adobe Acrobat,
Microsoft Office /MS Outlook 2000/2003, Remote Desktop, PC Anywhere, VNC, NetMeeting, HTML EDS/ NMCI (Navy Marine
Corps Intranet.
Help Desk Analyst
 
July 2006
 
to 
May 2007
Handle incoming customer call (Classified and unclassified) and gather information about the customer s problem, resolving user problems
and create a ticket for all customer inquiries in Remedy system.
Perform troubleshooting and problem resolution follow-up related to LAN/WAN corrections, Printer, RAS, Blackberry, Citrix, MS
Outlook, Proxy Settings, TCP/IP, Users profiles, Account Unlock, Reset user passwords.
Provide first-level and second level user Administration support.
Utilizing knowledge Tivoli, Net Meeting, Active Directory user administration tools.
Network drive mappings, printer mappings.
Navy legacy applications and Windows applications.Run As admin to log into users desktop to general network trouble shooting and fix users technical issues, resolving all issues over the
phone.
Utilizing Even Viewer to find the correct errors, and when the event occurs to fix the issues.
Log all support calls and resolve issue or dispatch to the appropriate area for resolution.
Install and configure applications.
Process tickets and respond to emailed inquires.
Lab Tech
 
January 1999
 
to 
July 2006
 
Company Name
Responsible for gathering and assimilating data on batteries for cellular qualification in the battery research department.
Wrote tests scripts for the Arbin Instrument and Sigmar System tester to perform various functions for the battery qualification.
Work from schematics, engineering drawings, and written or verbal instructions.
Determined whether or not a part is functioning within its parameters, analyzed the data found.
Imported data into Excel spreadsheet for battery qualification report.
Prepared excel graphs, and spreadsheets for the battery team and other departments.
Managed and organized the lab for efficiency.
Streamlined the Arbin tester and temperature chambers for maximum usage.
Designed test fixtures for the various shape and sizes of the battery cell or pack and procedures for system test.
Interfaced with the software and mechanical departments on battery tests.
Researched specific equipment and accessories for purchase and installation in the lab.
Education
Onsite training by Brocade Brocade Certified Network Engineer (BCNE) Brocade Certified Layer 4-7 Engineer (BCLE) Brocade Certified
Network Professional (BCNP) 2010 
Onsite training Security + by COMTIA 2009 
Onsite training by Juniper and Cisco Juniper Networks
Certified Internet Associate (Firewall/ VPN - SSL) Juniper Networks Junos Associate (JNCIA-Junos) Cisco Certified Network Associate
(CCNA) 2005 
MicroSkills Certification Specialists, Microsoft Certified System Engineer (MCSE 2003) 2003 
University of San Diego extension,
CA 92121 Network+, A+, CCNA 2001 
San Diego Education and Technology Electronics Technology (900 hours Lecture and Lab)
Certification Juniper Networks Certified Internet Associate (JNCIA) Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) Microsoft Certified Systems
Administrator (MCSA) Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer 2003 (MCSE) Microsoft Certified IT Professional (MCIP) Microsoft Certified
Technology Specialist (MCTS) Security+ Network+ Certificate in Electronic Technician 2002 Brocade Certified Network Engineer (BCNE)
Brocade Certified Network Professional (BCNP) 
: 
2011
Skills
A+, Active Directory, Adobe Acrobat, approach, Automation, backup, tape backups, budget, business development, CCNA, Cisco Certified
Network Associate, CD, Cisco, Citrix, CA, Hardware, CPU, creativity, client, customer service, Delivery, Dell Servers, Desktops, desktop PC,
disaster recovery, documentation, DVD, Electronics, Engineer, estimating, Firewalls, Firewall, gateway, graphs, hard drives, HP, HP-UX, HTML,
inventory, knowledge management, LAN, Laptops, leadership, managing, mechanical, meetings, memory, Messaging, microcomputers, Access,
Microsoft Certified Professional, MCP, Microsoft Certified, MCSE, MCSE 2003, Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer 2003, Excel,
NetMeeting, Microsoft Office, MS Office, Office, MS Outlook, MS Outlook 2000, Windows 7, Windows applications, Windows XP, Works,
Monitors, motherboards, Navy, enterprise, Netview, network management, Network Engineer, network hardware, Network, Networking,
Networks, NMS, operating systems, PC's, PC Anywhere, cameras, Printer, Printers, problem resolution, processes, ProLiant, Proxy, RAS,
research, routing, San, scanner, scanners, schematics, Servers, scripts, Service Level Agreement, SLA, Install Software, Software -
Troubleshooting, sound, spreadsheets, spreadsheet, SSL, Sun Servers, supervision, Symantec, TCP/IP, desktop support, Technician, phone,
Tivoli, trouble shooting, Troubleshooting, Type, Upgrades, USB, Video, VPN, VoIP, web site content, WAN, wiring, written