SALES
Professional Summary
Experienced manager with excellent client and project management skills. Action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with
technology, executive, and business audiences. 
Analyst with extensive experience in Microsoft OfficeÂ . Proficiencies include 
Microsoft WordÂ 
and 
Microsoft Outlook
 .Â Â Can effectively multitask in challenging situations and meet critical deadlines. I'm self-motivated, I work well
independently and need little supervision.
Core Qualifications
Excellent comprehension and retention skills
Can work with short deadlines and under pressure
Offering a fresh perspective on Customer service needs.
Computer and technical literacy
Strong organization skills, the ability to plan ahead and always do a thorough job.
Articulate and persuasive to present my ideas to the public
Expert in Creative Problem solving
Education and Professional Placement
Customer needs Assessment
Experience with appointment scheduling
Contract negotiation/review/drafting
Change managementÂ 
AdvertisingÂ 
Business Development
Marketing
Multi-Task ManagementÂ 
Project ManagementÂ 
SalesÂ 
Statement BillingsÂ 
Weekly Payroll
Experience
Sales
 
, 
02/2016
 
to 
04/2016
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Sales of firearms and accessories.Â 
 
Developed tool to track and monitor personal sales opportunities, deals in progress and finished contracts.
Responsible for implementing all business-building and relationship-building expectations with uniquely assigned accounts and customers. 
Took
daily inbound calls and key-entered orders, faxes, backorders and credit memos for assigned accounts and clients. 
Consistently met and exceeded
department expectations for productivity and accuracy levels. 
Developed promotional programs to optimize revenue levels. 
Co-Owner/Manager
 
, 
02/2008
 
to 
01/2016
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Palace Pet Grooming - 40359 Hwy 41 ste #4 Oakhurst Ca.
93644.
I Defined strategies and business plans for 
Palace Pet Grooming
 . 
Directed strategic initiatives to achieve a strong business plan that launched an
inspired Husband and wife's dream, that created a business model which is still thriving to this day.Â 
Created sales strategies to promote advertising offerings and motivate larger deals.
Completed strategic competitive analysis by assessing strengths and weaknesses of competitors.
Worked effectively in a heavily cross-functional, fast paced environment. 
Developed innovative product solutions grounded in clear understanding of customer needs.
Spearheaded the creation of blogs and social media content.
Produced engaging online marketing campaigns.
Led concept development and organized sales and operations resources.
Correctional Officer
 
, 
01/2003
 
to 
10/2009
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Maintain security within the institution and oversee the health and safety of staff and prisoners.
Patrol and inspect units, yards, buildings, prisoners, prisoner property and clothing, etc, to ensure the welfare, safety and security.
Maintain surveillance of grounds by foot and from vehicle.
Perform inspections and searches of premises and cells, checking for contraband and compliance with regulations.
Conduct searches of prisoners and visitors.
Observe prisoners directly and indirectly through visual, audio and video monitoring, to ensure the physical safety of prisoners, staff and the
public.
Monitor radio transmissions between staff in order to respond immediately to calls for security support as needed.
Provide escort and security for visitors.
Comply with and enforce security procedures for equipment and supplies.
Operate control room, monitor gates, cameras, alarms, and video terminals.
Enforce institutional rules and Standard Operation Procedures (SOP).
Initiate segregation or disciplinary procedures, and perform enforcement activities in compliance with Department Policies.
Explain rules and procedures of the facility to (individual/group) prisoners so they understand the expectations and consequences.
Supervise prisoners to maintain general order in daily activities, work assignments and programming.
Monitor inmate phones, mail , etc.
Apply the appropriate level of force in accordance with policies, ranging from verbal warnings and physical presence through the use of soft
and.
hard restraints and in extreme cases deadly force.
Maintain order and discipline in dormitories, shops, work details, and recreational activities; report infractions of rules, handle unruly andviolent prisoners using minimum necessary force.
Perform head counts of prisoners and confirm each inmate's identity when conducting a facility count.
Compile data for necessary written incident and other required.
reports.
Stabilize and provide backup in emergency situations for the protection of the public, staff and prisoners in situations such as aggressive
behavior, fights, riots or other disruptive behavior, escape attempts, fires, accidents and medical emergencies.
Education
High School Diploma
 
:
 
General Studies Automotive Technology
 
,
 
1991
 
Yosemite High
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
General Studies Automotive Technology
Universal Technical Institute
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Professional Affiliations
1993-2007-In past experience I have had 10 years of combined skill as a commercial truck driver, with everything from local route work as a
sanitation engineer, to construction material delivery, to long haul OTR driver.Â 
1994-2004-As well as the above listed, I have had ten years as a Paid Call Firefighter (PCF) for Madera County.Â In this function one of the
many things I learned was the duties of radio dispatch protocol.Â 
Accomplishments
Was instrumental in instituting a new scheduling practice that streamlined our booking process.Â  Results of the new scheduling procedure
increased our booking appointments from only booking 1 month out, to booking every 4 to 6 weeks for up to 1 to 2 years out. Â I developed a
new advanced payment option, where the clients can pre-pay onto a debit style card. They can choose the set amount of funds. With this option
they get a percentage discount taken off for booking the year. With these cards they can reload anytime, and with this creative plan it drastically
increased the predictability of the income variables. Â Â 
Skills
Event Management and Promotion
Leader
Strong Negotiation Skills
Team Building and Team Leadership