ENGINEERING ASSOCIATE
Profile
Team-oriented Engineering Associate with over 8 years experience designing, developing, maintaining, and testing electro-mechanical systems.
Skills
Electro-mechanical design 
JMP
Microsoft Visual Basic 
Microsoft Excel
Vision system programming 
Microsoft power point
Electronic computer systems 
Microsoft Visio
Engineering software 
Six Sigma 5X methodology
Strong presentation skills 
Adaptable
Process improvement 
Electrical Troubleshooting Tools
Team player 
Ability to read schematics
Mechanical design/implementation 
Ability to write and read wiring diagram
Accomplishments
Bronze medal in Skills USA for robotics and automation Statistical Analysis Performed data collection and statistical analysis that resulted in
sound recommendations that were adopted by department.
Product Improvement Worked with R&D and LOB to modify and improve overall product performance.
Eliminated machine defects through recommendation of machine adjustments.
Testing, Evaluation and Analysis: Tested equipment to ensure compliance.
Analyzed data and provided recommendations which resulted in adoption of new cost-saving equipment.
AutoCad Software Utilization Helped produced drawings and maintained, archived and retrieved CAD files and drawing documents for the
completion of four commercial projects.
Presentations Created presentation to IDEXX Technical Review Board for product changes and improvements Produced training power
points to train field support Project Management Lead and leadership rolls in multiple 5X projects on multiple instrument Platforms Lead on
multiple product changes and obsolesces of products Managed internal and Supplier efforts in product defects and resolutions Keep tight
project road maps including schedualing and status updates on projects Customer Interface Meet with customers to help relieve customer
dissatisfaction, gain more knowledge of products used in the field, help provide system reliability and performance.
Perform Site servays in reguards with electrical compentency.
New Product Development Lead Product support engineer full X-ray product line Designed and developed and sourced EliteVison
Protective cover.
Professional Experience
Engineering Associate
 
05/2008
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Started as an instrument Tech on the Manufacturing floor responsible for building and servicing Catalyst DX.
Worked as a stand in technical lead for a few months.
Moved to Catalyst Pilot line in 2011.
Was responsible for lab maintenance, Instrument software testing, validation of new components, and extended instrument field fail triage.
In the fall of 2013 I started working under an Engineer for the Digital Radiography department.
I am responsible for product reliability, product improvement and NPD qualification including writing test protocols, test execution, reporting
findings.
Other responsibilities include ESD implementation and testing, lab maintenance and management.
I work with suppliers and customers on a regular basis.
I work in a large cross functional group daily.
I am considered a hardware subject matter expert for all CR and DR instruments at IDEXX.
I am familiar with the software and system integration.
I have had the opportunity to design multiple components and test fixtures from electrical test boxes to metal inspection jugs and composite
protective covers.
In addition, I am responsible for all obsolesces and validation testing.
In addition, I train all new personal on equipment and filed servicing systems, including software, mechanical, and electrical AC/ DC
troubleshooting.
In this position I oversee work from technicians and interns working on and assisting with various projects.
Electrical Technician and Mechanist
 
02/2007
 
to 
03/2008
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Resolved part and assembly discrepancies.Collaborated with engineers and project managers regarding design parameters for client
projects.Designed brackets and custom frame work for automated machines.
Prepared accurate specifications for purchase of materials and equipment for purchasing department.Debugged and troubleshot complex
analog, digital, and RF circuits.
Worked with and troubleshooted Programmable Logic Controllers (PLC) and assembly lines to maintain productivity.on the automated
machinery at customer sites.
assembled complex electrical circuits both AC and DC.
04/2006
 
to 
08/2009
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
StateWorked in multiple departments to provide quality care for patients.
Maintained medical records, worked with families to.
provide quality care.
Education and Training
Associate of Applied Science
 
SMCC 
South
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
 
I studied at SMCC in 2007-2008 towards a degree in applied science in the field of
electronics.
Drafting and design YCCC 
Wells, ME, US Studied CAD and Drafting in the Engineering Design Program Currently working with YCCC and
USM in Industrial Management- consideration in electro-mechanical systems
 
: 
mechanical engineering
 
2015
 
mechanical engineering
Personal Information
IDEXX Laboratories 
Westbrook, ME, US
Skills
CAD, hardware, client, DC, Drafting, electronics, Engineer, Engineering Design, frame, functional, inspection, Logic, machinery, materials,
mechanical, Mechanical design, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft power point, Microsoft Visio, PLC, presentation skills, Process improvement, product
improvement, programming, Project management, protocols, purchasing, quality, Radiography, read, reporting, Scheduling, schematics, Six Sigma
5, software testing, system integration, Team player, triage, Troubleshooting, validation, Vision, Microsoft Visual Basic, wiring diagram
Additional Information
IDEXX Laboratories 
Westbrook, ME, US 4 week long training for Six Sigma 5x technical problem solving methodology GD&T 
2015
Tech-ese 
Portland , ME, US Geometric Dimension and tolerance week long training High School 
2007 Sanford High School 
Sanford, Me,
US Graduated with Honors Electronics 
2007 Sanford Regional Vocational Center 
Sanford, ME, US Graduated the Vocational electronics
program and was a member of the National Technical Honors Society