Ashanique Gray
Summary
Diligently coordinates all warehouse activities to keep products moving quickly and meet continuous shipping demands. Highly organized leader
with good program management and team-building abilities focused on maximizing efficiency and performance. Proven track record of enforcing
best practices in fast-paced environments.
Skills
Mental health assessments
Behavior modification
Conflict mediation
Data analysis and reporting
Loading unloading trailers
Machine operations
Team lead
Communication skills
Structured value is a must
Cleansiness and professionalism
Experience
Express Employment Professionals 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
Jan 2014
 
to 
May 2021
While working for this company i worked for fedex in halethorpe Md, Amazon, Dap, and Goetes candy company
Employed skills in crisis intervention to help resolve difficult situations.
Improved profit margins by streamlining operations and workflow.
Defined strategies and created a plan to achieve ambitious operational objectives.
Motivated and encouraged team members to communicate more openly and constructively with each other.
Resolved interpersonal conflicts by listening, finding common ground and building relationships.
Demonstrated leadership by making improvements to work processes and helping to train others.
Palletizing work order packages, and operating power jack machine to store away orders
Scan
Sort
Training on the job
First Team Staffing 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
Mar 2013
 
to 
Aug 2020
Authored error-free formal and informal business correspondence.
Provided insight regarding job duties to optimize productivity.
Supported executive decision-making by reporting on metrics and recommending actionable improvements.
Diminished obstacles and saved time, spearheading special projects through effective emergency resolution.
Trailer load Outbound exbound
Scanning
Shrink wrapping
Machine operations
Team lead training individuals that needed strength in some business areas
Pick and pack production
Scanning, shipping, and receiving data entry
I have worked on many different warehouse plantations due to temp agencys work availability
Server, Waiter. Team Lead
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
Sep 2013
 
to 
Dec 2016
Provided exceptional service to more than 200 customers per day at La Fontaine Bleu establishment.
Server
Busser
Cook
Cook prep
Arranged place settings with fresh tablecloths, tableware and flowers to beautify table.
Completed thorough and accurate opening and closing duties to facilitate smooth restaurant operations.
Walked among tables and refilled water and beverage glasses or took orders for more drinks and food.
Updated repeat customers on menu changes and new food and beverage offerings to maintain quality service relationships.
Collaborated with host, bus person and cook to serve up food and beverage options.
Operated and maintained cleaning equipment and tools, including dishwasher, hand wash stations, pot-scrubbing station and trash
compactor.
Met or exceeded sales targets on consistent basis with proactive promotional strategies and dessert mentions.
Served plated dinners, buffet-style dinners and passed hors d'oeuvres for parties.
Carried appetizer and drink trays around 
[Type]
 
events, maneuvering around guests and furniture without spilling.
Greeted customers, answered questions and recommended specials, wine and desserts to increase profits.Prepared salads, appetizers and set up garnish stations to assist kitchen staff.
Collected dishes promptly after each course, cleared crumbs and glassware, and maintained customer satisfaction.
Addressed concerns or complaints quickly to improve service and escalated more advanced issues to management for resolution.
Greeted arriving guests and escorted each to assigned tables, took drink orders and answered questions about events.
Washed buffet, restaurant and banquet items, including silverware, dishes, cooking utensils, equipment and displays.
Educated guests on meals during wedding and birthday events, answering questions and bringing special orders.
Welcomed guests with personable attitude and smile, offering to bring beverage orders while reviewing menu options.
Education and Training
High School Diploma
 
Chesapeake High School
 
Jun 2012
 
City
Completed continuing education in Human Services Social Worker for bachelors degree
Currently a student in college
I am an A and B student with a few college credits
3.5 Gpa Level
Some College (No Degree)
 
: 
Human Services Social Worker
 
CCBC Essex Campus 
City
I am working towards my bachelors degree I have a few credits
Serving society is very important to me
Accomplishments
Consistently maintained high customer satisfaction ratings.
Led team to achieve improvements on work productions, earning recognition from upper management and financial reward.
I have trained and lead many individuals of all ages as well as mentoring and being therapuetic to all employees and business demands
I believe in working as a team efficiently and productively. All jobs must be done on a timely and organized matter.