SALES
Summary
Extremely loyal, ambitious and a hard working individual looking to leverage my high level of customer service skills to excel in a professional sales
environment.
Experience
Sales
 
January 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
State
Care Wear Uniforms 
2014 Â·Replenish product bins and product racks.
Load/Unload vans a various hospitals.
Set up "retail" type stores in said various hospitals.
Inform customers about new product.
Assist customers with their purchases.
Receiving and preparing product, maintaining the Grocery floor and displays, and selling product in support of regional Grocery standards.
Providing courteous, friendly, and efficient customer service Â·Give every customer immediate and undivided attention.
Surprise and delight the customers with consistent, delicious food.
Ensure a fresh and appealing display by keeping cases and shelves clean and well stocked by front-facing, checking codes, rotating, and
removing out-of-date products.
Maintain accurate department signage and pricing.
Stock and clean grocery shelves, bulk bins, frozen and dairy case.
Keep Grocery department clean, sweep floors and maintain sweep logs.
Assist with sampling program, keeping sample areas full, clean, and appealing.
Follow and comply with all applicable health and sanitation procedures and adhere to safe work practices.
Operate and sanitize all Grocery equipment in a safe and proper manner.
Road Safety 
2013 Â·Controls movement of vehicular traffic through construction projects: Discusses traffic routing plans, and type and
location of control points with superior.
Distributes traffic control signs and markers along site in designated pattern.
Directs movement of traffic through site, using sign, hand, and flag signals.
Warns construction workers when approaching vehicle fails to heed signals to prevent accident and injury to workers.
Informs drivers of detour routes through construction sites.
Warehouse
 
January 2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Memorize System Pavers 30 minute sales presentation Â·Visit potential customers at their homes and helped design their dream yards and
hard scape Â·Provided accurate designs, estimates and payment plans to homeowners on first visit.
Rancho Murieta Community Services District 
2012 Â·Performs a variety of unskilled and semiskilled labor tasks in the construction and
maintenance of water distribution and wastewater collection systems, drainage systems, roads, pipelines and other District facilities
Â·Works in or around hazardous electrical panels and equipment; assists operations staff as needed Â·Reads residential and commercial
meters; maintains simple records and logs Â·maintains districts open channels and ditch systems.
January 2012
 
Company Name
Participates in the installation, operation, and repair of sewer mains and appurtenances Â·As needed operate light construction equipment,
tractors, and easement mowers Â·Working under direction, assist CCTV assessment of sanitary sewer main lines and service lines, using
mini cam and main line cameras.
Paragon Products-El Dorado Hills 
2011 Â·Assembly of inverters including soldering capacitors, modifying boards, assembling hardware,
hi-pot testing and frequency setting.
Mixing and pouring of epoxy to pot electronics assemblies.
Validate, troubleshoot, and repair pumps using predefined pass/fail criteria Â·Installs inverters on pump assemblies Â·Record completed
serial numbers in Macola database.
Relish Burger Bar-El Dorado Hills 
2010 Â·Inspect, arrange, and run food in an up-tempo environment Â·Assist managers and other staff
members in the upkeep of the restaurant Â·Interact with customers and ensure customer satisfaction while upselling seasonal and
promotional items.
Red Robin 
2008 Â·Inspect, arrange, and run food in an up-tempo environment Â·Assist managers and other staff members in the upkeep
of the restaurant Â·Interact with customers and ensure customer satisfaction while upselling seasonal and promotional items.
Courtesy Clerk
 
January 2008
 
Company Name
maintained a neat and well organized area Â·Product orginization and stocked new products as needed Â·Responsibile for customer
satisfaction.
Education
Bachelor of Science Degree
 
: 
Sport Management
 
, 
5 2010
 
Culver Stockton College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Sport Management
Associates degree
 
: 
5 2007
 
Sacramento City Community College Stockon College, Sac City College
 
GPA: 
2006 Academic Recognition of
Excellence/Deans List-Cumberland University Â·CDL Class B w Tanker Endorsement
 
ACCOLADES Â·First Team, Second Team All-Conference: Baseball (Culver 2006 Academic Recognition of Excellence/Deans List-Cumberland University Â·CDL Class B w Tanker
Endorsement
OSHA Forklift Certified Â· ATSSA Flagger Certified
Skills
Assembly, hardware, customer satisfaction, customer service, database, direction, drivers, electronics, Forklift, Macola, Works, neat, cameras,
pricing, Receiving, retail, routing, Safety, selling, sales, soldering, troubleshoot, type, well organized