P
DIRECTOR, INFORMATION SYSTEMS PACS ADMINISTRATOR/IS SYSTEMS ANALYST
Summary
I have developed a solid history of managing multiple projects and employees simultaneously while implementing workable strategies with a
constant focus on the future of the company. 
The combination of my proven success in IT Management, Project Management, PACS
development and implementation, with the communication skills developed as a Public Relations Manager creates a rare level of proficiency and
problem-solving ability which will complement the success of any company project or department.
Highlights
COMPUTER SKILLS
Windows PC and Server OS platforms through current, MS Office, MS SQL Server 2000-2008, UNIX, Linux, Internet Explorer,
Adobe Photoshop, FrontPage, Dreamweaver, Flash, PowerPoint, Photo Finish, PageMaker, WordPerfect, IMAP4, plus many others..
PACS/HIS Related: CPSI - All modules of HIS, ChartLink, ClientWare, EMR - All versions of ImageLink PACS software and server
systems (directed development)
Non-CPSI - McKesson PACS, E-Film, Philips iSite, Sectra, GE Centricity - Current GE, Philips, Toshiba, Siemens, Konica, Kodak and
Fuji radiology modalities (US, CT, CR, MR, etc), AS400, HMS, SpeechQ, MModal DocQRoute, Kronos, HMS
LETTERS OF REFERENCE & MATERIAL EXAMPLES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST
Accomplishments
As the Director of Information Systems for South Baldwin RMC, I was responsible for leveraging all technology, security and
communication resources within the hospital and its 6 outlying properties.
This position required coordinating with IS Leadership at our corporate parent, Community Health Systems, and balancing the same with
local Administration.
Early in my tenure, we were able to develop a new level of communication and cooperation between Nursing, Financial, Administration,
Physicians, IS and CHS Corporate.
I sat on a number of committees both within the company and the community to maintain the cooperation that allowed us to advance.
In addition to successfully developing and mentoring an exceptional IS team of 6 during my two years in this position, we implemented the
first three phases of Electronic Medical Record through the hospital and owned physician offices, completed a new data center
implementation, conversion to fiber backbone communications and digital phone system, Windows 7 upgrade for over 800 users and total
systems upgrades in the clinical departments.
This facility was shifted to a higher level within the CHS network of 250 hospitals and awarded numerous national accolades from third-
parties due to some of the changes made by my department and team.
Experience
Director, Information Systems PACS Administrator/IS Systems Analyst
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
Aug 2012
 
to 
Jul 2014
 
As the Director of Information Systems for South Baldwin RMC, I was responsible for
leveraging all technology, security and communication resources within the hospital and its 6 outlying properties. This position required coordinating
with IS Leadership at our corporate parent, Community Health Systems, and balancing the same with local Administration. Early in my tenure, we
were able to develop a new level of communication and cooperation between Nursing, Financial, Administration, Physicians, IS and CHS
Corporate. I sat on a number of committees both within the company and the community to maintain the cooperation that allowed us to advance.
In addition to successfully developing and mentoring an exceptional IS team of 6 during my two years in this position, we implemented the first
three phases of Electronic Medical Record through the hospital and owned physician offices, completed a new data center implementation,
conversion to fiber backbone communications and digital phone system, Windows 7 upgrade for over 800 users and total systems upgrades in the
clinical departments. This facility was shifted to a higher level within the CHS network of 250 hospitals and awarded numerous national accolades
from third-parties due to some of the changes made by my department and team. I was brought into South Baldwin Regional Medical Center as
the facility's first IS-based PACS Administrator. 
After initial reorganization of the PACS environment and creation of PACS related support
procedures and documentation, my responsibilities quickly expanded to IS projects where I identified productivity improvements that could be
made. 
Some of these projects included: Becoming the 24/7 dedicated technical resource for all Radiology functions, meaningful use implementation
coordination, fileserver redesign for more stable and productive use, network and system optimizations where needed to improve efficiency,
outlying clinic improvements to encourage "single-company" relations, and a number of others where needed. 
My primary focus has always been
providing the necessary tools and support for the constant improvement of patient care.
Manager, ImageLink PACS
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
Jun 2006
 
to 
Jul 2011
 
My hiring position at CPSI was as a Senior Project Manager in the ITS Special Projects
division. 
After only 3 months in this position, I was recruited into the ImageLink PACS division as an Implementation Project Manager. 
Before
being promoted to Assistant Manager then Manager of this division, my primary responsibilities were system install scheduling, preparation and
complete onsite implementation. 
The three week onsite implementation of the ImageLink system entailed; coordinating server placement and
networking with hospital IT, directing the installation of all server and reading hardware, coordination with all modality vendors to establish
DICOM communication with the new system, integration with CPSI and other vendor HIS, Radiologist and staff training 
and conversion of data
from the previous Radiology system. 
A number of these sites requested that we perform the conversion of data without involving the previous
vendor. 
Success in these situations required developing an in-depth familiarity with numerous systems, including: McKesson, GE Centricity, Philips
iSite, OrthoView, E-Film and Spectra PACS systems. Because responsibilities included development planning with Programming and travel with
Sales to assist in promoting the ImageLink product, I acquired additional familiarity with these competitor systems in order to keep ImageLink
current with the needs of our customers and provide my employees with training relevant to their implementations. 
This broad spectrum of
involvement with multiple PACS systems left me knowledgeable on their use, tools and configuration. CPSI of Mobile In September 2006,
ImageLink was in use at 27 of CPSI's 950 hospitals nationwide. 
Of the 101 sites added during my time in ImageLink, I implemented 58, eitherdirectly or in an onsite supervisory capacity while retaining ultimate responsibility for all installs and the overall performance of the division and its
employees.
IT Services/Public Relations Project Manager
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
Oct 2003
 
to 
Apr 2006
 
In addition to managing all aspects of the company's information systems, I handled the
development and execution of public education and outreach plans and materials, including public meeting organization and facilitation, direct mail,
printed collateral, website updates and public relations events. 
Our primary clients included the City of Tucson, Arizona Department of
Transportation, Pima County, Nevada Department of Transportation and the Federal Highway Administration.
ICS Director Senior Hardware/Software Support Technician
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
May 2002
 
to 
Jun 2003
 
After accepting full authority over all corporate information, communication and security
systems, my primary responsibilities included: Employee management, cost control, developing and directing the implementation of all IT related
projects, while assuring that my team and I consistently maintained the systems and services that our customers and employees relied on. 
My
efforts in this position resulted in a 60% increase in employee productivity and the development of the first Private Label Auction site, for one of
our key clients, creating the first source of income from the ICS Department. 
Spending in the ICS Department was decreased by more than
$100,000. I was hired into this position as the direct assistant to the Vice President over the ICS (Information and Communication Services)
Department. 
My duties included: Project management, documentation of policies and procedures, and reporting on the overall status of the ICS
Department. 
During this year, I built the first comprehensive ICS procedure manual as well as the creation or replacement of all corporate IT and
communication related policies.
Education
High School Diploma
 
Mount Desert Island High School
Skills
PROJECT MANAGER, ITS, PACS, RADIOLOGY, DICOM, INTEGRATION, INTEGRATOR, MCKESSON, NETWORKING, SALES,
SALES TO, SCHEDULING, STAFF TRAINING, TRAINING, WITH SALES, CLIENTS, SECURITY, DIRECT MAIL, PUBLIC
RELATIONS, DOCUMENTATION, BACKBONE, DATA CENTER, MENTORING, PHONE SYSTEM, WINDOWS 7, COST
CONTROL, INCREASE, SYSTEMS ANALYST, PROJECT MANAGEMENT, ADOBE PHOTOSHOP, AS400, DREAMWEAVER,
EMR, EXCELLENT MULTITASKER, FLASH, FRONTPAGE, HMS, INTERNET EXPLORER, KRONOS, LINUX, MS OFFICE, MS
SQL SERVER, MS SQL SERVER 2000, PAGEMAKER, PHOTOSHOP, POWERPOINT, PROBLEM-SOLVING, SIEMENS,
SIMULTANEOUSLY, SQL, SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER 2000, TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT, UNIX, WORDPERFECT