SALES MANAGER
Highlights
MS Office proficiency
Microsoft Outlook
Lotus Notes
Team leadership
Exceptional time management
Goal-oriented
Accomplishments
Managed a successful sales team of 12 members who consistently exceeded sales goals an average of 20% each month.
Developed highly effective sales training strategies as Sales Manager of a 12-person team.
Coached a successful sales team that led the store in monthly sales per FTE over 50% of the year.
Mentored two Sales Manager In Training candidates through successful completion of the Manager Assessment Program (MAP).
Experience
Sales Manager
 
May 2011
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Lead through developing a commissioned sales team (10+ direct reports, 50+ indirect reports) to achieve sales, ensure efficiency and to be
successful in our FY focus areas.
Develop skills and product knowledge of Sales Consultants through training, evaluation, and role play; develop talent into Management
roles.
Attract, hire and on-board world-class Sales Professionals who are well prepared to provide exceptional customer service.
Analyze and track sales performance to assigned budget, conversion, compliance, and Sales Consultant staffing/hiring targets.
Responsible for day-to-day oversight with authority to resolve issues that may occur during the execution process.
Respond to potential customer service concerns.
Ensure customers receive the best customer experience and seek out opportunities for self-development.
Built customer confidence by actively listening to their concerns and giving appropriate feedback.
Offered direction and gave constructive feedback to motivate team members.
Held each team member accountable for achieving brand and performance goals.
Built and maintained effective relationships with peers and upper management.
Recruited, hired, developed and retained retail talent for the company.
Addressed customer inquiries and resolved complaints.
Created and directed sales team training and development programs.
Branch Sales Manager
 
Mar 2006
 
to 
May 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Manage the branch staff including hiring, training and development, and performance management.
Coach the branch staff to achieve sales excellence in sales production, product knowledge, customer service, and branch operations to
meet or exceed minimum performance standards.
Demonstrate leadership proficiency in sales, service, operations, and management.
Responsible for consistently meeting or exceeding branch sales performance standards.
Manage and motivate staff consistently and fairly.
Develop a sales environment through creative and promotional activities.
Lead the branch by setting a positive example in telemarketing efforts, cross-selling and sales 
campaigns.
Demonstrate commitment to consistently deliver positive customer service to achieve customer retention.
Demonstrate enlightened leadership skills designed to motivate and retain employees deemed high potential and high performing.
Oversee loan turnaround times to ensure quality customer service.
Establish professional networks by building a referral base and providing resources to "centers of influence" on industry trends and bank
products.
Initiate, complete, and maintain customer profiles.Support customer on-boarding process through follow-up.
Achieve results through managing, motivating and coaching staff in sales and service efforts.
Display professional verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills.
Represent the bank in the community.
Mortgage Consultant
 
Mar 2004
 
to 
Mar 2006
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Utilize referrals and company provided sales leads to sell customers a variety of financial services and products including unsecured personal
loans, credit cards and real estate loans.
Work with customers on the phone and in person throughout the credit application and approval process.
Responsible for financial analysis of clients who typically stand above 60% debt ratio and implement debt restructuring to facilitate
repayment and reduce debt ratio to 45% or less.
Manage team to plan approach and implement best practices for selling Life, Accident & Health, Involuntary Unemployment insurance and
Home and Auto (HAS).
Proven ability to self-source leads and to create profitable business relationships with referral partners.
Education
Bachelor of Business Administration
 
, 
Computer Information Systems General Business
 
4 2001
 
Western Michigan University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA:
with Honors Magna cum laude
Computer Information Systems General Business with Honors Magna cum laude
Recipient of [Scholarship Name] Scholarship
Skills
approach, budget, Coach, coaching, interpersonal communication, COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE, Consultant, conversion, credit, clients,
customer service, financial, financial analysis, focus, hiring, insurance, leadership, leadership skills, Lotus Notes, managing, Excel, Microsoft Office,
Microsoft Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, networks, performance management, quality, real estate, selling, Sales, staffing, telemarketing, phone,
written