3D DESIGNER/ GRAPHIC DESIGNER
Summary
I am seeking a position where my experience can used to make a positive contribution.
Skills
Photoshop
InDesign
After Effects
Maya
Illustrator
Z brush
/XP Professional/ Vista/ Windows
Mac
Microsoft Word
Windows NT/95/98
OS
Sketch up
Daz 3D
Dreamweaver
PowerPoint
Analog Integrated Circuits
Cinema 4D
Excel
HTML
XML
Experience
3D Designer/ Graphic Designer
 
Company Name
meeting clients or account managers to discuss the business objectives and requirements of the job;.
estimating the time required to complete the work and providing quotes for clients;.
developing design briefs that suit the client's purpose;.
thinking creatively to produce new ideas and concepts and developing interactive design;.
using innovation to redefine a design brief within the constraints of cost and time;.
presenting finalized ideas and concepts to clients or account managers;.
working with a range of media, including computer-aided design (CAD) and keeping up to date with emerging technologies;.
proofreading to produce accurate and high-quality work;.
demonstrating illustrative skills with rough sketches and working on layouts ready for print;.
commissioning illustrators and photographers;.
working as part of a team with printers, copywriters, photographers, stylists, illustrators, other designers, account executives, web
developers and marketing specialists.
Receiving Manager Assistant Manager
 
, 
01/2014
 
to 
01/2017
Overseeing incoming and outgoing shipping activities to ensure accuracy, completeness and conditions of shipments.
Determining work procedures, preparing work schedules and expediting workflow.
Determining shipping priorities, work assignments and shipping methods required to meet shipping and receiving schedules.
Arranging transportation that optimizes service and cost.
Inspecting incoming materials and notifying appropriate staff of potential quality issues.
Inspecting loading operations to ensure compliance with specifications.
Directing movement of shipments to appropriate work areas.
Ensuring shipping area is organized and clean at all times and meets all compliance factors.
Ensuring that all employees are in compliance with all applicable health and safety regulations and other company-related policies and
procedures.
Investigating and solving customer problems and issues.
Compiling and maintaining applicable metrics as required.
Managing the operational budget.
Training, developing and performance-monitoring activities.
Adept at maintaining and organizing adequate shipping supplies to ensure smooth warehouse operations.
Documented success in ensuring that products that need to shipped are properly labeled so that they can be delegated to the correct
courier.
Proven ability to maintain reverse-distribution processes and provide assistance in labeling and packaging.
Demonstrated expertise in preparing shipping cartons according to the type and size of shipment.
Deep insight into following verification procedures to ensure authenticity of received shipments.
Track record of carefully inspecting incoming shipments for damages or discrepancies in quantities and documenting and reporting
inconsistencies.
Adept at sorting, counting, packaging, labeling, unpacking and logging inventory of shipped and received items.
Special talent for tracing lost shipments and clients' claims of lost shipments by initiating proof of delivery documents and performing itinerary
follow up.
Highly experienced in operating dollies, pallet jacks and forklifts to load and unload supplies.
Hire and train new employees and ensure that they are comfortable in the use and maintenance of equipment such as forklifts and pallet
jacks.
Assist in preparing documents to be sent with each shipment and ensure that incoming deliveries are complete, along with associated
paperwork.
Maintain both shipping and receiving logs.Proficient in requisitioning merchandise from suppliers and ensuring that appropriate storage space is managed for incoming deliveries.
Took responsibility of keeping store clean and uncluttered by managing team of sweepers and cleaners.
Received, checked and shelved all merchandise products.
Direct work of staff on sales floor.
Assisted manager in placing purchase orders and managing inventory.
Provide staff training and assign specific duties.
Recorded information into registers manually and in computerized systems.
Maintain store equipment in good working order.
Completed daily registering and store open/close functions.
Performed accurate operations of cash registers.
Took responsibly of company bank deposits as required by the store manager.
Computer literate: knowledge and experience of using MS Office, several databases & email management soft wares.
Provide support to store operations.
Able to responsibly take care of merchandise and shelving products according to company policies.
Direct work of staff on sales floor.
Assistant Manager
Maintain daily record of all transactions and generate reports for store manager.
Write order supply requests to replenish merchandise.
Train staff to deliver outstanding customer service.
Motivate sales employees to improve morale, performance, and store revenue.
Reward top performance with visible recognition and specific perks like preferred scheduling.
Analyze marketing information and translated it into strategic plans for customer growth.
Direct sales floor activities ensuring excellence in customer service and resolving store level problems.
Establish sales goals manage budgets devise sales forecasts consistently maximizing sales and profits.
Oversee personnel management interviewing hiring training mentoring/coaching and evaluating.
Manage merchandise selection window displays and stocking working directly with vendors.
Work with corporate management developing local marketing and advertising strategies.
Key contact with suppliers / vendors securing key business agreements.
Maintained price accuracy of goods and ensured adequate stock levels.
Education and Training
Bachelors
 
:
 
Arts
 
,
 
2009
 
SCHOOL NAME, Queens College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
Arts 
Advanced Illustration Coursework 
Art Design Coursework 
Cartooning
and Animation Coursework 
Course in Digital Arts 
Color Theory and Perspective
Skills
3D, 3-D Design, 4D, After Effects, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, advertising, Animation, Arts, Art, budgets, budget, CAD, Cartooning, cash
registers, coaching, Color, Computer Networks, Computer literate, client, clients, customer service, databases, delivery, Direct sales, Directing,
dollies, email, staff training, estimating, XML, forklifts, Graphic Design, hiring, HTML, Illustration, Illustrator, InDesign, innovation, Inspecting,
interactive design, inventory, logging, Mac OS, Managing, marketing, materials, Maya, mentoring, Excel, MS Office, PowerPoint, Windows,
window, 95/98, Windows NT, Microsoft Word, organizing, packaging, personnel management, Photography, policies, presenting, printers,
processes, programming, proofreading, quality, receiving, reporting, safety, sales, scheduling, shipping, sorting, store manager, strategic plans,
transportation, Typography, type, Vista, workflow