DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Summary
Healthcare Sales Professional with over 6 years of experience as a successful Director of Sales. 
Sales experience includes hospice / home health
management, durable medical equipment (DME), and pharmaceuticals. Awarded for being the top performer for five consecutive years.
Recognized for growth development and delivering bottom-line results. Specialized in connecting with clients and customers. Develop loyalty and
referrals by utilizing consultative sales, identifying customer needs through active listening, education, and consistent follow-through. Experienced in
developing strong and detailed sales and marketing plans to support corporate goals and objectives. Update and execute the sales and marketing
plan daily, weekly and monthly to obtain corporate goals and objectives. Strong communication skills as a team member, presenter, and trainer.
Skillful and effective in communicating and interacting with associates, professionals and key decision makers.
Experience
Director of Business Development
 
02/2015
 
to 
09/2015
 
Company Name
Director of Sales Director of Sales for the business line of Homecare and Hospice Implement sales and marketing plans for the Plains
Region.
Meet and exceed the company's overall business plan, census goals and financial objectives.
This role is responsible for management and leadership of Client Relations Executives in the field and Care Transition Nurses in the hospital
system.
Developed and implemented sales and marketing plans for all company products/service offerings, consistent with market analysis, reflecting
referral source targets.
Develops and provides sales training.
Understanding of Medicare regulations for Homecare and Hospice.
Responsible for setting goals based on market analysis and company overall goals.
This position was dissolved due to company cuts.
Director of Sales / Area Sales Manager
 
01/2012
 
to 
03/2014
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Working in the healthcare industry of Hospice and Home Health in the Dallas Texas and Western Iowa locations.
Responsibilities included redeveloping a team of healthcare professionals to promote the company.
Increase sales and revenue through territory development by training and education to customers.
Communicate directly to vice President of company about the sales teams strengths and weakness along with new business opportunities.
Director of business development.
Develop plan to rebuild agency to meet budget by collaborating with referral sources and clinical team.
Maintain and develop growth by working with Nursing Facilities, Medical Clinics and Hospitals.
Communicate clearly what our program is to all referral sources.
Managed sales in Dallas Texas region and Iowa.
Senior Provider Relations Manager
 
02/2003
 
to 
12/2012
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Successfully rebranded the company despite stringent budget, building agency from eight patients to 130 patients as one of top five Provider
Relations Managers.
Ranked #1 Senior Provider Relations Manager in the nation in 2005 and 20011; being groomed for Regional Sales Director.
Top performer in Region 6 (Nebraska, Iowa, and South Dakota) for past five years, while maintaining growth in Eastern and Central
Nebraska by personally servicing territory of 18 counties in Nebraska.
Build rapport with key referral sources, coordinating with approximately 65 medical directors, nurses, CNAs, medical records clerks, social
workers, and bereavement counselors, providing training, issue resolution, and follow-up support while remaining within budget.
Develop, plan, and present CEU in-service trainings through Iowa Western University to all referral sources, educating people about death,
dying, hospice benefits and end-of-life care both in person and through webinars.
Manage and coach team of about 10 salespeople, providing marketing and strategic sales tools.
Responded to market need by building marketing tool that became company's main brochure.
Establish annual, monthly, weekly, and daily goals, keeping daily log of business sources, contacts, and leads, consistently following up with
hand-written thank-you notes and calls.
Address problems, resolutions, wins, and marketing tips with weekly conference calls for region; report sales numbers both daily and
weekly.
Senior Account Executive
 
01/1997
 
to 
09/2002
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Achieved #1 ranking Salesperson in Southern California Region within five months and maintained that for 3 years.
Developed managed care contracts throughout California.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Political Science
 
California State University of Bakersfield
 
State
 
Political Science
Professional Affiliations
Nebraska Alzheimer's Association American Parkinson's disease Association Creighton University Medical Center American Quarter Horse
Association American Cancer Association End of Life Community for Nebraska Nebraska Hospice and Palliative Care Association American
Red Cross Nebraska American Heart Association American Horse Show AssociationSkills
agency, benefits, brochure, budget, business development, business plan, coach, contracts, Client Relations, financial, Home Health, Homecare,
Hospice, leadership, notes, Director, market analysis, marketing plans, marketing, market, Nursing, rapport, Sales, sales training, strategic, written