GRADUATE RESEARCH ASSISTANT
Summary
Dedicated professional with excellent technical, analytical and communication skills demonstrated in ten years of experience in the agricultural
sector, specifically in the Research and Development division with an extensive knowledge of Biological control and identification of insect in the
field of Entomology
Highlights
Background in biological control using member from the Coleopteran family of insect
Area wide Surveys and data collection for research
Team player
Expert in data analysis
Data presentation
Experimental design/implementation
Accomplishments
Successfully determine the biology, reproduction and the effect of chemicals on the 
Thalassa montezumae, a
 
predatory beetle of the new invasive
scale insect
 
Phalacrococcus howertoni 
in South Florida.
Integrated Pest Management Workshop Identification of Scales Mealybugs and Natural enemies.
Identification of Mites of economic importance to the Caribbean and their Natural enemies
Training Seminar on Management of Protected Cultivation Insect.
Identification of Nematodes for Professional Consultants
Green house training course.
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
GRADUATE RESEARCH ASSISTANT
 
01/2013
 
to 
12/2015
Assist with various research project in the Center of Biological control 
lab.
Developing a potential 
biological control for Croton Scales (Phalacrococcus howertoni).
Maintain culture of Croton scales and 
Thalassa montezumae 
under green house and laboratory conditions,
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
PLANT PROTECTION OFFICER - Entomology
 
10/2011
 
to 
12/2012
Rear 
Parasitoids wasp ( 
Anagyrus kamali
 ) and release in areas affected by the Pink Hibiscus Mealy bug (
 Maconellicoccus hirsutus)
with 95% success rate and determined parasitism levels at each site.
Record and analyze data
Maintain cultures of Pink Hibiscus Mealybug and 
Anangyrus kamali 
at rearing facility.
Develop solutions for pest problems in yam (Dioscorea spp.) in Jamaica Establish and conduct field evaluations with treatments against yam
nematodes.
Develop Citrus 
Greening Management 
Programme in Jamaica 
in collaboration with 
Food and Agriculture Organization and Government of
Jamaica Components.
Assist in the Island wide survey for incidence of citrus greening and parasitism levels of 
Tamarixia 
radiate
 
.
Assist 
the monitoring programme for the Area-wide Integrated Management Systems (AIMS) for Citrus greening in citrus orchards.
Developed management program for the Beet Army Worm
 (Spodoptera exigua
 ) and monitoring of farms in affected parishes.
Establish & maintain Beet Army Worm culture in the laboratory.
Conduct insecticide efficacy trial.
Implement Integrated Pest Management of major pests of crops under Protective Cultivation in Jamaica
Data generated on temperature, humidity and pest status in greenhouse crop.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
FIELD AND LAB RESEARCH ASSISTANT
 
12/2002
 
to 
10/2011
Received diagnostic samples from extension officers and farmers.
Prepared samples for diagnostics.
Identification of insect specimen in the plant clinic
Reared and preserved specimens as necessary.
Established experimental plots.
Visited field for prescribed observations and data collection as was set out in proposals.
Monitored on and off station experimental plots for infestations.
Maintained inventory list, materials and lab space.
Worked on all research projects in the unit.Assisted in Crop and Plant Protection Unit
Integrated Pest Management Systems developing on several crops threshold base pesticides.
Population dynamic study on Red Palm Mites and Broad Mites.
Education
Master of Science
 
:
 
Entomology - Qualifying
 
2015
 
Florida Agricultural & Mechanical University
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
 
Bachelor of Science
 
:
 
Environmental Science
 
2011
 
Knox Community College
 
, 
City
 
, 
Jamaica
 
Associate of Science
 
:
 
General Agriculture
 
2006
 
College of Agriculture Science & Education
 
, 
City
 
, 
Jamaica
Affiliations
Entomological Society of America (ESA)
Florida Entomological Society
Florida Agricultural & Mechanical University ESA debate team
Minorities in Agriculture, Natural Resources and Related Sciences (MANNRS)
Awards & Publications
Reuben Capelouto Foundation and William L.Peters Memorial scholarship awardee 2013-2014
2014. Monsanto 1890 Student Leadership Event participant ,St.Louis Missouri
2014. Mentoring at Purdue Summer Scholarship Program participant, West Lafayette, Indiana.
2014. ESA(Entomological Society of America). Annual Meeting. Portland, Oregon. Developing a Biological Control Measure for the
Management of an Invasive Scale Insect, 
Phalacrococcus howertoni
 
(Hemiptera,Coccidae) in South Florida "Published Abstract.
2014. ESA (Entomological Society of America). Annual Meeting. Portland, Oregon. “What is the single best tool to reduce malaria cases
throughout the world? “Published Article
Skills
Data collection, Maintain inventory, Statistical Analysis, Prepare samples
Microsoft office, Statistical Analysis Software (SAS)