DIGITAL MARKETING MANAGER
Career Focus
Digital Marketing Manager Accomplished professional in digital marketing, digital project management, content management and migration, SEO,
social media and web analytics. Identify, manage and implement web based solutions for a variety of online initiatives including multi-national/multi-
lingual website development. Act as the technical lead in digital marketing decisions with the keen ability to keep projects moving forward in the
face of obstacles. Effective vetting of technical specifications, industry research, vendor selection and management of internal and external
resources. A strong ability to build rapport with peers and influence others along with building relationships with key decision makers. Manage
offshore teams and responsible for re-engineering processes and implementing agile development methodologies. Core Strengths Web Marketing
Strategy Development Web Analytics and Analysis Vendor & Contractor Management Project Management Team Building and Education E-
Mail Marketing Business Needs Analysis Technical Proficiency Competitive Analysis Search Engine Optimization (SEO) External Agency
Management Performance Management Search Engine Marketing (SEM) Cross-Functional Team Collaboration Resource Allocation Social
Media Web Marketing Best Practices Content Management System Analysis
Summary of Skills
Web Graphic Design, Web User Interface Design, Multimedia Content Development, Coordination, Project
Management, Web Savvy, Layout Skills and Internet Presence
SEO Optimization, SEM, Social Media, Analytics, Link Building Strategy, Keyword Research
MS Office, Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Illustrator, Flash and Acrobat
Google Analytics, Siteimprove, WebTrends, Websidestory, Netsight
HTML, XML, CSS and extensive experience with several CMS systems.
Knowledge of JavaScript, Jquery, PHP and Ajax.
MS Project and Visio (basic)
Global marketing
Media
relations
Professional Experience
DIGITAL MARKETING MANAGER
 
12/2008
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Coordinate and congruently oversee diverse projects and responsibilities, which involve: 
Research and industry knowledge and
prioritization, content, design, informative architecture, user requirements, user experiences and site flow.
Conceptualized, designed and instituted a website uplift.
Directs and disperses a $1M budget, entailing: 
Scope, define, estimate and manage budgets for digital projects, including websites, search
engine marketing and social media campaigns.
Function as Art Director of visual and digital content surrounding external websites.
Support the company objectives and promote branding, as well as consult stakeholders on the development of web content.
Lay out clearly defined expectations for the development team, along with receiving them also.
Communicate technical concepts to non-technical staff in a clear and concise manner.
Innovatively promote unique opportunities between the web and other venues.
Manage and allocate workflow through layoffs, train and lead virtual website team overseas, and additionally supervise staff work
performance, including: 
Recruiting, hiring and training, and oversee career development activities.
Utilize Search Engine Optimization (SEO) and social media to develop new business.
Perform evaluations of websites, research, deck preparation, in-person pitches and education to staff on SEM best practices.
ONLINE MARKETING COORDINATOR
 
09/2006
 
to 
12/2008
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Designed a real-time application to retrieve lawyer bios across 38 different offices.
This process eliminated duplicate repositories and saved duplicated efforts.
Managed Internet profiles for over 2K lawyers, which were domestic and internationally located.
Gathered and posted web articles, press releases, events, graphics and video content.
Organized, oversaw and implemented strategic plans for a successful online alumni website, including: 
Tracking timelines, deliverables and
presentation of project results.
Created graphics and online pages that were user friendly to support web and e-mail campaigns.
Successfully evaluated on behalf of client alerts: 
email metrics, including delivery, open, and, clicks, and conversion rates.
Determined performance optimization and made recommendations for web data and user behaviors.
ELECTRONIC MARKETING SPECIALIST
 
05/2004
 
to 
09/2006
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Supervised daily website maintenance.
Ensured aesthetic consistency while servicing 250K key industrial decision makers.
Incorporated cost-saving technologies and saved the company $20K.
Managed and enhanced automating processes and tapped into in house technical expertise.
Responsible for and maintained a strict adherence to a $200K budget.
Recruited, evaluated, hired and supervised outside vendors.
Planned projects and uphold expected outcomes according to schedule, as well as kept up on issues and brought about swift and efficient
resolutions.
Co-created graphical elements and PDF's, along with other traditional and Internet avenues.Redesigned and implemented highly effective email marketing campaigns to assist in driving traffic and increase online sales revenue to
ensure corporate goals were met.
Fostered positive open relationships with the sales force and upper management to mitigate concerns and promote successful online
advertising programs, such as: 
Banner and text ads, video advertising and online surveys.
Created and maintained marketing collateral; media timelines, stat sheets, sales guides and Web reports.
Education
BACHELORS OF SCIENCE
 
: 
Web and Graphic Design
 
Liberty University New York University, CLE Mac Learning Center
 
City
 
, 
State
MANAGEMENT SKILLS FOR NEW SUPERVISORS: 
American Management Association, CLE Web and Graphic Design
Skills
Acrobat, Adobe Photoshop, ads, advertising, Art Director, basic, branding, budgets, budget, CMS, concise, content, Content Development,
conversion, CSS, client, delivery, Dreamweaver, driving, e-mail, email, Flash, graphics, hiring, HTML, Illustrator, JavaScript, Layout,
MANAGEMENT SKILLS, marketing, marketing collateral, MS Office, MS Project, 2K, Multimedia, Optimization, PDF, PHP, press releases,
processes, Project Management, real-time, receiving, Recruiting, Research, sales, Search Engine Optimization, Strategy, strategic plans, swift,
unique, User Interface Design, video, Visio, Web Graphic Design, website, web content, websites, WebTrends, workflow, articles, XML