DATA ANALYST
Professional Summary
Industrial and Systems Engineering graduate, certified Base SAS Programmer and a Lean Six Sigma Green Belt with strong background in
statistics, mathematics and logical problem solving looking for a dynamic opportunity in data driven fields of analytics and statistical modeling.
Core Qualifications
Data Science Tools: R, Base SAS, Python (Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Scikit- learn), SPSS, Minitab, MATLAB, Apache Spark, SQL, MS
Excel, MS Visio, Tableau MySQL, Oracle Database, Microsoft Access Key Competencies: Data Extraction, Data Wrangling, Data Analysis,
Data Visualization, Regression Analysis (Linear, Logistic and Multinomial), Time Series Analysis, Association Rule Mining, Monte Carlo
Simulation, Optimization, Random Forests
Experience
07/2016
 
to 
Current
Data Analyst
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
State
09/2015
 
to 
05/2016
Student Manager
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
State
Undertook a leadership and advisory role in training newcomers to hone their culinary and behavioral skills.
PROJECTS Classification of Customers for Credit Card Company 
Jan 2016 Â​ May 2016 Performed a logistic regression on a credit card
company dataset to classify clients as credible and non-credible.
Extracted crucial factors to simplify the classification model using exploratory factor analysis.
Developed and validated a model to classify the future customers and aid decision-making.
Simulation Analysis of Adding a Second Parking Ticket Booth at a Mall 
Aug 2015 Â​ Dec 2015 Assessed distribution and trends of
incoming customer patterns performing statistical analysis on MATLAB and ExpertFit.
Additional booth modeled using Arena reduced average waiting time per customer from 6.2 minutes to 1.8 minutes.
Statistical Analysis of Defects in Clutch Plate Manufacturing - A Six Sigma Study 
Jan 2015 Â​ May 2015 The DMAIC methodology
(Define, Measure, Analyze, Improve and Control) was implemented to understand the cause of the defects and data was statistically
analyzed with the help of control charts using Minitab.
06/2013
 
to 
07/2013
Intern
 
Company Name
Identified the areas in the assembly line of a light commercial vehicle where more operations could be housed.
Developed a detailed model of improved layout to accommodate more operations using AutoCAD to improve the space utilization by
300%.
consultant
a self-storage company to classify the customers as 'worthy' and 'not worthy' based on their activity on the company website using the
Random Forest algorithm.
Built the model in R and model deployment using Python.
Currently building a reservation model for Public Storage to forecast if the customer would reserve the storage or not.
Education
Aug 2016
Masters of Science
 
: 
Industrial and Systems Engineering
 
Binghamton University, State University of New York
 
Industrial and Systems Engineering
3.51/4.00
May 2014
Bachelors of Engineering
 
: 
Mechanical Engineering
 
Osmania University
 
Mechanical Engineering 3.33/4.00
Skills
Apache, AutoCAD, charts, Credit, clients, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Databases, Dec, decision-making, layout, leadership, MATLAB,
Microsoft Access, MS Excel, Minitab, MySQL, Optimization, Oracle Database, Python, SAS, Simulation, Six Sigma, SPSS, SQL, Statistical
Analysis, Tableau, Visio, website