PROJECT MANAGER AND TECHNICAL IMPLEMENTATION
Career Overview
Contribute my knowledge to the institution, willing to learn new skills and take on new challenges in it. 
Ensuring commitment, efficiency and quality
in the roles assigned to contribute to the achievement of strategic objectives outlined by the institution. Systems architect with expertise in
requirement gathering and analysis, architectural, component and interface design and development for AS/400 applications in multiples domains.
Qualifications
AS/400 Administrator
Excellent problem
Solving abilities
Project Manager
Web Application
Security AS/400
Setting goals and objectives
QA Tools
Enterprise Technologies
System Upgrade/Migration/Back up
Management and Teamwork
Data Backup and retrieval AS/400
Prioritization Tasks
Clear Quest / SharePoint
Product Template
RPGLE/ILE
Technical Specifications Creations
COBOL/400
Strong knowledge of ITIL.
CL/400
Integration across IPC (Incident, Problem, 
& Change Management)
Utility: Query and SQL
ALDOM/ACCES
Adaptation Model Ethical Management
Analyst Programmer
Well Tracking
Management
Development of departmental budgets
Coaching and effective delegation of tasks.
Excellent Communication Skills
Decision-Making and conflict.
Manage multiple tasks simultaneous
Ability to perform hands on work team.
Management of meeting and time production.
Technical Skills
Skills
Experience
Total Years
Last Used
IT Project Manager
Analyst & AS/400 Administrator
13
2016
Accomplishments
-Implementation Core banking (AS/400) Company: FISERV
-Upgrade Core banking
Work Experience
Project Manager and Technical Implementation
 
Apr 2003
 
to 
Mar 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Project Manager AS/400 CORE BANKING (AS/400) Established compatibility with third party software products by developing
program for modification and integration.
Developed and implemented complex Internet and Intranet applications on multiple platforms.
Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements.
Provided continued maintenance and development of bug fixes and patch sets for existing web applications.
Diagnose and troubles hooted UNIX and Windows processing problems and applied solutions to increase company efficiency.
Provided documentation on start-up, shut down and first level troubleshooting of processes to help desk staff.
Implemented company polices technical procedure and standards for preserving the integrity and security of data, report and access.
Designed strategic plan for component development practices to support future projects.
Organized and created shooting schedules for graphic design team, supervising the progress of projects from production to post production.
Developed work-flow charts and diagrams to ensure production team compliance with client deadlines.
Supervised and provided direction for six technical direct reports regarding network activities.
Recommended network security standards to management.
Provided methodologies for object-oriented software development and integration solutions.
Recommended architectural improvements, designs solutions and integration solutions.
Developed data architecture design to enable analysts to perform targeted customer analysis.
Weekly monitoring of the project.
Technical Project Manager
 
Jun 2015
 
to 
Feb 2016
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Banco del Reserva - Dominican Republic DR Ensured network, system and development of bug fixes and patch sets for existing Web
applications.
Established compatibility with third party software products by developing program for modification and integration.
Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements.Provided continued maintenance and development of bug fixes and patch sets for existing web applications.
Provided documentation on start-up, shut down and first level troubleshooting of processes to help desk staff.
Implemented company polices technical procedure and standards for preserving the integrity and security of data, report and access.
Built application platform foundation to support migration from client-server product line to enterprise architectures and services.
Designed strategic plan for component development practices to support future projects.
Organized and created shooting schedules for graphic design team, supervising the progress of projects from production to post production.
Designed SharePoint master page and page layout, serving as company's main SharePoint support for all technical complications.
Consistently met deadlines and requirements for all production work orders.
Supervised and provided direction for six technical direct reports regarding network activities.
Advocated for end-users to perform testing and problem analysis for server, desktop and IT infrastructure work.
Provided methodologies for object-oriented software development and integration solutions.
Recommended architectural improvements, designs solutions and integration solutions.
Weekly monitoring of the project.
Proposed technical feasibility solutions for new functional designs and suggested options for performance improvement of technical object.
RESPONSIBILITIES BASIC Project Manager
 
Company Name
Define the scope of the project in collaboration with senior management.
Create a detailed work plan which identifies and sequences the activities needed to successfully complete the project.
Determine the resources required to complete the project.
Execute the schedule for project completion that effectively allocates the resources to the activities.
Follow up on objectives and measures upon which the project will be evaluated at its completion.
Execute the project according to the project plan.
Monitor the progress of the project and make adjustments as necessary to ensure the successful completion of the project.
Execute the communication schedule to update stakeholders including appropriate staff in the organization on the progress of the project
identified by lead PMs.
Review the quality of the work completed with the project team on a regular basis to ensure that it meets the project standards.
Ensure that the project deliverables are on time, within budget and at the required level of quality.
Evaluate the outcomes of the project as established during the planning phase.
Provide guidance and direction to the program and other teams involved.
Support issues resolution and delivery across department teams.
Create and present executive level documentation for use in program status and communications.
Support program / project management routines.
Education and Training
High School Diploma
 
2003
 
Juan Pablo Duarte 
ï¼​ 
City
Skills
-AS/400 Administrator
-Project Manager
-Web Application
-Security AS/400
-Setting goals and objectives
-QA Tools
-Enterprise Technologies
-System Upgrade/Migration/Back up
-Management and Teamwork
-Data Backup and retrieval AS/400
-Prioritization Tasks
-Clear Quest / SharePoint
-Product Template
-RPGLE/ILE
-Technical Specifications Creations
-COBOL/400-Strong knowledge of ITIL
-CL/400
-Integration across IPC (Incident, Problem,
-Utility: Query and SQL & Change Management)
-ALDOM/ACCES
-Adaptation Model Ethical Management
-Analyst Programmer
-Well Tracking
-Management.
-Development of departmental budgets
-Coaching and effective delegation of tasks
-Excellent Communication Skills Decision
-Making and conflict
-Manage multiple tasks simultaneous
-Ability to perform hands on work team
-Management of meeting and time prod.