ENGINEERING PROJECT MANAGER III
Summary
Results-focused, safety conscientious team leader/player with more than 15 years of successful experience in the aviation industry as Field
Engineer, Maintenance Support Engineer, A&P Mechanic, and Avionics Technician on various types of rotary and fixed wing aircraft.
Experienced in all phases of commercial and military aviation maintenance, aviation business, engineering, logistics, support, and supply. Analytical
& Troubleshooting Skills, Project Management, Quality Control, Maintenance, Management, Logistics, Electronic & Mechanical Technology,
Program Management, Quality Assurance/Control, Safety Compliance, Risk Management, Change Control Processes
Skills
Electronic & Mechanical Technology
Maintenance Management
Project Management
Program Management
Lean/six sigma principles
Mechanical Component Troubleshooting
Quality Assurance/Control
Material Management
Staff Development/Leadership
Technical Interface
Safety Compliance Microsoft Office, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Access, SAP, SharePoint
Experience
02/2018
 
to 
Current
Engineering Project Manager III
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Performs a variety of duties associated with the development and revision of aircraft maintenance work instruction cards.
Utilize an automated publishing system to author certain work instruction cards.
Supervises the initiation and maintenance of project files Ensures effective technical coordination with Customer representatives and as such
participates to good communication with Customers Ensures that engineering activity is compliant with project milestones.
Alerts project management in case of unforeseen variation and suggests if needed mitigation measures Participates to project planning
definition by providing engineering milestones and requirements Ensures effective interdisciplinary coordination through weekly meetings.
Takes the necessary technical decisions in case of unresolved conflicts between disciplines.
08/2011
 
to 
02/2018
Field Engineer/Maintenance Support Engineer
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Aircraft Repair/Modification Representative on-site at domestic and international locations with protocol in heavy maintenance, repair and
overhaul, Block Upgrades, Prototypes, and modification activities on CC-130J aircraft.
Expertly plan, quote and execute Air Mobility & Maritime Missions (AMMM) prototype/upgrade/modification/repair projects.
Provide liaison support between AMMM Sustainment and Engineering, conduct Engineering Change Request evaluation/quoting.
Conduct technical maintenance training with customers, suppliers, LM reps, contractors and military personnel.
Skillfully troubleshoot technical problems/issues affecting maintenance activities.
Ensure maintenance requirements are executed during operational and heavy maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) activities and
implementation of Engineering Authorizations and Service Bulletins.
AOG (Aircraft on Ground) Project Manager for the Royal Saudi Arabian Air Force.
Act as Sustaining Engineering and Logistics Support Services Fleet Manager.
Review TCTO/Service Bulletin retrofit documents for implementation.
Collaborate with Engineering to develop SOW's (Statement of Work) and BOE's (Basis of Estimate) Develop project work schedules for
business unit and sub-contractors.
Project Management Effectively manage project team, define scope, develop and manage project plans and budgets.
Direct activities, project objectives, risk management, change control processes and communications and ensure project compliance with
the Project Management Methodology.
Develop project schedules, status reports, analyze schedules and make resource balancing revisions.
Coordinate activities of project personnel to ensure projects progress on schedule and within budget.
Effectively delegate project tasks and ensure successful task completion.
Demonstrate exceptional process orientation, solid understanding of project management techniques, methodologies and best practices.
Quality Assurance Demonstrate thorough knowledge of principles, concepts and methodology related to aircraft QA programs.
Apply knowledge of operating practices and procedures related to the rework processing of aircraft systems and components to verify by
work document review, materials and procedure checks and onsite surveillance, making certain that quality requirements have been met.
Conduct QA inspections, check the entire system to ensure components are installed in their proper location.
Inspect technical files maintained within the shop for condition, completeness and accuracy.
03/2001
 
to 
Current
Aircraft Mechanic / Electrician / Avionics Technician
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
State
Qualified to clear Red-X (Quality Control for C-130 aircraft electrical systems), accountable for the total airworthiness of assigned aircraft.
Serve as technical authority to advise on, examine and approve all airframe, mechanical, electrical and pneudraulic repairs to assignedaircraft.
Provide effective leadership, supervision, training and assistance to 30 apprentice and journeyman personnel in performing precision
maintenance on C-130 model aircraft, support equipment, forms and records for aircraft.
Schedule maintenance to ensure completion of critical actions, optimum workflow and resource utilization.
Test and repair components using mockups and test equipment.
Adjust, align, rig and calibrate C-130 aircraft systems, perform engine run-up.
Supervise/perform aircraft and component inspections, checking components for clearances, tolerances, proper installation and operation.
Apply technical data and equipment specifications to determine the impact that equipment modifications or substitutions will have upon
multi-system operation and on the various maintenance and alignment procedures.
Conduct pre-flight, BPO/pre-flight, thru-flight and basic post-flight inspections.
Troubleshoot, maintain and inspect airframes, aircraft systems, components, assemblies and support equipment.
Use Flight Line, Isochronal Dock and Integrated Avionics experience to repair C-130 aircraft electrical systems and clear discrepancies for
returning aircraft to working service.
Accomplish Isochronal inspections during Phase dock.
Provisioning Analyst
Analyzes technical data and reports to determine spares and support equipment provisioning requirements.
Reviews site survey results and letters of offer and acceptance and formulates specific recommendations for spare/repair parts and support
equipment.
Originate support plans for offer to potential customers and provide technical assistance to existing customer personnel.
Review BOM (Bill of Material) to ensure contractual obligations are met.
Review drawing revisions for BOM and manufacturing changes.
Education and Training
Dec 2015
MBA
 
Eastern New Mexico University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Jan 2008
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Professional Aeronautics
 
Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Professional Aeronautics
May 2004
Associate of Science
 
: 
Airframe & Power Plant Technology
 
Enterprise Community College
 
ï¼​ 
State
 
Airframe & Power Plant Technology
Skills
Air Force, basic, budgets, budget, C, Databases, electrical systems, forms, drawing, Inspect, instruction, Leadership, letters, Logistics, Schedule
maintenance, materials, Mechanical, meetings, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Project, SharePoint, personnel, processes, Program
Management, progress, Project Management, project planning, project plans, quality, QA, Quality Control, Quality Assurance, repairs, risk
management, Safety, SAP, six sigma, Staff Development, supervision, technical assistance, test equipment, Troubleshoot, Troubleshooting,
Upgrades, upgrade, workflow, author
Additional Information
Security Clearance: Active DoD Secret *Enterprise Resource Planning
Certifications/License: 
FCC License, A&P License Security Clearance: 
Active DoD Secret