EXECUTIVE CHEF
Professional Summary
Talented Executive Chef with twenty five years experience developing menus and working as head chef/owner of mobile catering business, fast
food Cajun and Classical Seafood/Cajun/Creole Family restaurant.Twenty five years professional experience as a dynamic, resourceful and skilled
Executive Head Chef with a proved success record in both fine dining and catering.Highly skilled chef with proved ability to produce quality menu
items under tight deadlines.
Core Qualifications
Food and beverage handling expert 
Italian cuisine expertise Skillful kitchen staff trainer 
Ethnic foods preparation Capable concession stands
manager 
Food cost control specialist French cuisine talent 
Food cost analysis expert American cuisine expert 
International culinary skills Ability
to handle fast-paced 
Back of house operations environment 
as well as front of house understanding Ability to handle/resolve problems 
Kitchen
productivity Successful kitchen staff supervisor 
Strong customer relationship builder Cash handling 
Plate presentation skills Special dietary needs
expert 
Proficiency in inventory and ordering Food handling knowledge 
Proved leadership skills Food production quality knowledge 
Reliable,
punctual and committed to High level of cleanly kitchen 
customer service maintenance 
Staff scheduling knowledge Interviewing and training ability
Sensitive to cultural diversity Knowledge of basic food preparation 
Strong restaurant serving experience Knowledge of products and 
Team-
oriented selections 
Willing to work under pressure Menu development skills 
Written and oral communication skills Open Table experience 
Good
personal hygiene Proved success in up-selling 
Works well under pressure Basic knife skills 
Preparation of various food items Consistently
complies with polices 
Uses proper sanitation practices and procedures 
Able to work in a fast paced Banquet operations and off-site 
environment
catering expert 
Able to work with hands continuously
Experience
December 1987
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Executive Chef
Operations Management: Food Preparation Responsible for coordination of up to 12 servers in restaurant with capacity of 200.
Baked, roasted, broiled, and steamed meats, fish, vegetables and other foods.
Estimated amounts and costs of required supplies, such as food and ingredients.
Helped with preparation, set-up, and service for catering events.
Performed all transactions in a cordial, efficient and professional manner.
Prepared food items.
Cleaned and inspected galley equipment, kitchen appliances, and work areas.
Spoke with patrons to ensure satisfaction with food and service.
Trained new employees.
Trained kitchen staff on proper use of equipment, food handling and portion sizing.
Responsible for the design and preparation of all menu items for private home/office setting.
Supervised kitchen staff of 10 people and ensured proper event set-up, food preparation, kitchen clean-up and proper shut down.
Adjusted monthly menus to maximize use of seasonal local ingredients and delicacies.
Developed variety of menu items catering to customers with food allergies and diet restrictions such as gluten-free and vegan items.
Managed kitchen operations for high grossing, fast-paced fair concession kitchen.
Trained staff of eight employees for correct facility procedures, safety codes, proper recipes and plating techniques.
Managed preparation and presentation of the desserts for all catered events.
Responsible for all kitchen operations such as banquet events, buffet lines, room service orders and hotel restaurant.
Hired and trained staff of 12 food preparation employees.
Oversaw 10 cooks and a Sous Chef as part of overall back of the house operations.
Managed food and produce receiving process with 100% accuracy.
Frequently switched between positions as Cold Food prep, Soup Station Chef and Relief Chef mid shift to support changing needs of large
industrial kitchen Developed popular daily specials with personally sourced ingredients for broiler and sauté stations.
Responsible for daily set up of five stations.
Developed popular daily specials with personally sourced ingredients for broiler and sauté stations.
Ensured minimal product shrink and coordinated secondary usage of product Executed various kitchen stations and assisted with, meat, fish,
sauté or pantry Informed patrons of establishment specialties and features Instructed cooks and other workers in the preparation,
cooking, garnishing, and presentation of food Loaded dishwashers and hand-washed items such as pots, pans, knives Planned and
prepared food for parties, holiday meals, luncheons, special functions, and other social events Specialized in preparing fancy dishes and/or
food for special diets Stocked and rotated products, stocked supplies, and paper goods in a timely basis Supervised and coordinated
activities of cooks and workers engaged in food preparation Used all food handling standards Collaborated with other personnel to plan
and develop recipes and menus Compiled and maintained records of food use and expenditures Cooked food properly and in a timely
fashion, using safety precautions Cooked the exact number of items ordered by each customer, working on several different orders
simultaneously Created and explored new cuisines Directed the operation and organization of kitchens and all food-related activities,
including the presentation and serving of food Ensured consistent high quality of plate presentation Ensured first-in-first-out system with all
ingredients labeled and stored properly Maintained contact with kitchen staff, management, serving staff, and customers Maintained system
of control for storage temperatures and proper functioning of kitchen equipment Oversaw kitchen employee operations to ensure production
levels and service standards were maintained Seasoned and cooked food according to recipes or personal judgment and experience
Suggested additional items to customers, as appropriate, to increase restaurant sales.
Maintained knowledge of current menu items, garnishes, ingredients and preparation methods.
Consistently adhered to quality expectations and standards.Delivered an exceptional dining experience with friendly, fast service.
Completed closing duties, including restocking items and closing out the cash drawer.
Accurately recorded orders and partnered with team members to serve food and beverages that exceeded guests' expectations.
Effectively used items in stock to decrease waste and profit loss.
Correctly calculated charges, issued bills and collected payments.
Checked in deliveries and signed off on products received.
Received frequent customer compliments for going above and beyond normal duties.
Education
2011
Le Cordon Bleu Culinary School
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
 
Associate of Arts
 
: 
Culinary Arts Hospitality and Restaurant Management
Le Cordon Bleu Culinary Arts Hospitality and Restaurant Management Specialized in all aspects of culinary cuisine
Professional Affiliations
Member, Small Business Association (2005 - present)
Member, USPCA
United States Private Chef Association
Skills
allergies, Basic, Cash handling, closing, oral communication, cooking, cost analysis, cost control, customer service, fashion, fast, features,
inventory, 
leadership skills, office, Works, Operations Management, personnel, presentation skills, profit, quality, receiving, safety, safety codes,
selling, sales, scheduling, servers, supervisor, trainer, Health Department certified