DIGITAL MARKETING COORDINATOR
Skills
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Digital Marketing Coordinator skilled in leveraging the power of blogs, online communities and social media platforms to increase brand
awareness and boost brand loyalty. SEO optimization expert adept at creating highly-targeted web content that drives inbound traffic.
CORE QUALIFICATIONS
Strategic media placement
Creative content
Media relations
Special events planning
5+ years customer service & sales experience.
WordPress
Google Analytics & AdWords Certified
Adobe Photoshop
Budget planning
Reports generation and analysis
SEO & SEM
Experience
Digital Marketing Coordinator
 
12/2016
 
to 
Current
 
City
 
, 
State
Identified, developed and evaluated marketing strategies based on knowledge of company objectives and market trends.
Managed all social media programs, including online reputation, blogs, and social networking.
Planned and managed monthly budgets.
Developed marketing strategies and campaigns each month.
Maintained and updated websites.
Increased following by over 400%.
Sales & Customer Service Representative
 
02/2015
 
to 
02/2016
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Described use and operation of merchandise to customers.
Received and processed cash and credit payments for in-store purchases.
Exceeded targeted sales goals by 30%.
Placed special merchandise orders for customers.
Shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations.
Worked as a team member to provide the highest level of service to customers.
03/2011
 
to 
01/2013
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Achieved high sales percentage with consultative, value-focused customer service approach.
Earned "Top Seller" for four consecutive times.
Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and cleaning.
Expressed appreciation and invited customers to return to the store.
Education and Training
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Communications Cinema Arts. Communications, English and Journalism
 
2016
 
Vanguard University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Communications Cinema Arts. Communications, English and Journalism
Advanced coursework in Public Relations. Wrote and proofread many articles, press-releases, and scripts. Produced several student-films.
 
Best
film 2015 Academic Achievement Award.
Skills
Adobe Photoshop, approach, Budget planning, budgets, cashier, content, credit, customer service, Special events, Google Analytics, marketing
strategies, market trends, Marketing, media placement, Media relations, networking, optimization, press-releases, Public Relations, sales
experience, sales, scripts, social media platforms, Strategic, web content, websites, articles