DIGITAL DESIGNER
Summary
Your City, State, Zip Code Your Phone Number Your Email Date Name Title Organization Address City, State, Zip Code Dear Mr./Ms. Last
Name, The description you posted for a studio assistant parallels my interests and qualifications perfectly. With my background in art and
psychology, I am confident that I would make a very successful and creative studio assistant. Having worked for the non-profit organization
CountyArts, I have been exposed to a number of aspects of the art world. My experience as artist assistant at the Museum of Art demonstrates
my capability of working with others through the creative process of production while meeting the challenges presented to me. Also, my education
in psychology has allowed me to learn the nuances of people and has provided me with good investigative and analytical skills that will suit your
needs for customer assistance. I would appreciate the opportunity to make a substantial contribution by exploring the business of applied art
through your design firm. I welcome the opportunity to meet with you to further discuss my candidacy and will call next week to see if we might
arrange a time to speak. Thank you for your time and consideration. Sincerely, Signature FirstName LastName Ethan Araya Cover Letter Graphic
Arts
Highlights
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access)
Experience
Digital Designer
 
Company Name
Many designs in High School, and posted them around school.
Made many portfolios, and animated designs.
Created posters, and 2 dimensional designs.
Technical Director
 
July 2009
 
to 
April 2011
 
Company Name
Implement new or enhanced methods and processes for the processing, testing, or manufacture of nanotechnology materials or products.
Collect and compile nanotechnology research and engineering data.
Supervise or provide technical direction to technicians engaged in nanotechnology research or production.
Assemble components, using techniques such as interference fitting, solvent bonding, adhesive bonding, heat sealing, and ultrasonic welding.
Sr. Technical Engineer
 
January 2007
 
to 
July 2009
Assisted civil engineers on several key government projects involving roadway designs and improvements, solutions easing traffic congestion
and replacement of deteriorating bridges.
Handled cost-of-materials estimations, report and document tracking, project documentation, on-site project visits, invoice/agreement
verification and building permit applications.
Gained experience in blueprint reading, as well as preparation of maps and plans.
Edit.
Education
High School Diploma
 
: 
6 2006
 
Elky High Elklan Oregon
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Civil Engineering
 
, 
3 2010
 
Foothill University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
Chi Epsilon (Civil Engineering Honor Society), Dean's
List (5 semesters) Activities: Member, American Society of Civil Engineers and Emerging Green Builders (EGB)
 
Civil Engineering Chi Epsilon
(Civil Engineering Honor Society), Dean's List (5 semesters) Activities: Member, American Society of Civil Engineers and Emerging Green
Builders (EGB)
Engineer in Training (EIT) Certification Knowledge of engineering theories, principles, specifications and standards.
 
: 
1 2012
 
City
 
, 
State
North Bergen High School
 
GPA: 
Received Honors in all art classes every year. 2nd honors in basic drawing, digital art 1. First Honors in digital
arts 2.
 
Received Honors in all art classes every year. 2nd honors in basic drawing, digital art 1. First Honors in digital arts 2.
Personal Information
A 76th street, 07047 Dear Ms. Gina Lucia The adds you have posted on your website mactches my qualifications in graphic art. I have
remarkable skills in digital, and graphic arts, and I would make a great designer in, and out of the field. I've had much experience with graphic, and
digital art in High School, and posted my artwork on my website. This skill has taught me many things about creativity. When I make art in any
design I notice that I am creating life on a blank piece of paper. To me making art is bringing the creativity to life, and to also give it any kind of
emotions to it. I have worked with many people who had more experience then me, and have already started to work under you. If you speak to
them they can tell you more about my designs. I am a hard worker, and I will always do my best to get the job done. I hope this has given you the
thought of allowing me to work under you. Hopefully we will have a chance to speak in person next week. Thank you for your time, and
consideration. Sincerely, Ethan Araya Ethan Araya
Languages
Can read and speak in German and French.
Skills
arts, blueprint reading, bridges, Computer experience, direction, documentation, Edit, Engineer, English, French, German, government, Graphic,
materials, Access, Excel, Microsoft Office, PowerPoint, Word, posters, processes, read, research, Spanish, welding
Additional Information
210A 76th street, 07047 Dear Ms. Gina Lucia The adds you have posted on your website mactches my qualifications in graphic art. I haveremarkable skills in digital, and graphic arts, and I would make a great designer in, and out of the field. I've had much experience with
graphic, and digital art in High School, and posted my artwork on my website. This skill has taught me many things about creativity. When I
make art in any design I notice that I am creating life on a blank piece of paper. To me making art is bringing the creativity to life, and to also
give it any kind of emotions to it. I have worked with many people who had more experience then me, and have already started to work
under you. If you speak to them they can tell you more about my designs. I am a hard worker, and I will always do my best to get the job
done. I hope this has given you the thought of allowing me to work under you. Hopefully we will have a chance to speak in person next
week. Thank you for your time, and consideration. Sincerely, Ethan Araya Ethan Araya