EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Executive Profile
Visionary Executive Director who excels at marketing communication with demonstrated ability in the development of results-driven, strategic,
comprehensive marketing and public relations plans and managing all levels of multiple projects including budgeting and administration.
Skill Highlights
Leadership/communication skills
Strategic planning
Project management
Budgeting expertise
Self-motivated
Marketing
Public relations
Print, broadcast, Web, and social media communication
Core Accomplishments
Managing Editor, Academic Varsity: An Informal History of the Morningside College Interdepartmental Honors Program; 2002,
Morningside College Press
Keynote Speaker, Quota International of Sioux City Annual Eighth Grade Honors Luncheon, March 2006 and March 2007
Professional Experience
Executive Director
 
May 2013
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Responsibilities related to Writer/Editor position CHIEF WRITER/EDITOR
Responsible for writing/editing content for all organizational publications, including the development and production of all public relations
materials, the Web sites (www.foothillscac.org, beaheroforkids.org, wordshurttoo.org), newsletters, publications, and educational materials.
Example, the fall 2014 newsletter, available at http://www.foothillscac.org/uploads/9/9/2/1/9921414/foothills-newsletter-fall-2014.pdf
Maintains and updates Web sites in coordination with a volunteer webmaster.
Ensures that the overall message aligns with the vision, mission, and goals of the center. PUBLIC AWARENESS AND COMMUNITY
RELATIONS
Oversees the development and implementation of comprehensive outreach, education, and awareness programs for the community,
maintains and develops relationships with community organizations and agencies, governmental and funding bodies, the media, and others,
represents the center to the community and serves as the primary spokesperson and chief liaison with local media.
Presents regularly to community groups and organizations about the work of the center.
See http://www.foothillscac.org/news-events.html for examples of press releases and media coverage. Other major responsibilities
ADMINISTRATIVE
LEADERSHIP â—¦ Reports directly to and works with the Board of Directors to ensure the sustainability and growth of the 501(c)3
organization; oversees a staff of two full-time and two part-time persons.
STRATEGIC PLANNING â—¦ Works with the Board of Directors to develop the center's strategic plan, policies, and procedures; is
responsible for the implementation of the same.
FISCAL & FACILITY MANAGEMENT â—¦ Is responsible for ensuring that sound fiscal practices in line with Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles (GAAP) and 501(c)3 regulations are followed; administers the center's programs within budgetary provision;
provides comprehensive grant management and works with staff to ensure that all financial and program reports to funders are timely and
accurate; and oversees the maintenance of the facility and procurement of equipment.
PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT â—¦ Is responsible for the recruitment, employment, supervision, professional development, and
evaluation of staff and volunteers and ensures that job descriptions are developed, regular performance evaluations are held, and sound
human resource practices are in place. PROGRAM OVERSIGHT & SUPPORT
PROGRAM SUPERVISION Supports the program staff as needed and ensures that all programs are operating appropriately and are in
alignment with the vision, mission, and goals of the center.
PROGRAM DEVELOPMENT Working with the Board, maintains the shared vision of the organization and appropriate goals and
strategies to achieve that mission, provides leadership in developing programs and organizational and financial plans, maintains acceptable
standards of professional practice in the center, and ensures ongoing accreditation by the National Children's Alliance.
PROGRAM EVALUATION Is responsible for evaluation of programs and overall evaluation of the center, including ensuring the
appropriate and accurate collection of data and analysis of that data. FUNDRAISING
DEVELOPMENT In conjunction with the Board, develops a comprehensive fundraising plan and secures financial support from individuals,
foundations, and corporations, develops and maintains ongoing relationships with major donors and grant funders, and oversees and
participates in all fundraising and community awareness events.
Private contributions increased by 71% in FY 2015 over FY 2014.
Executive Director
 
September 2008
 
to 
April 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Responsibilities related to Writer/Editor position MARKETING & PUBLICATIONS
Oversaw the development of communications, including Web site content, e-mail and social media messages, and the quarterly newsletter;
oversaw and conducted event marketing; served as managing editor for association publications, including oversight of volunteer and staffwriters; and wrote policy papers, Web content, news releases, and other documents as needed. COMMUNITY OUTREACH AND
ADVOCACY
Oversaw policy education, public outreach, and social and media relations; served as the public face for the association; and was
responsible for maintaining consistency of message and branding while working to improve the postdoctoral experience. Successes included
but were not limited to: * The NPA's recommendations were adopted by the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the National Science
Foundation (NSF), and most recently, the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy. * The NPA garnered attention to the
postdoctoral experience in the Washington Post, the New York Times, and other leading publications. * The establishment of the
International Consortium of Research Staff Associations, led by the NPA and representatives from the United Kingdom, Ireland, and South
Africa. Other major responsibilities LEADERSHIP Reported directly to and works with the Board of Directors to ensure the sustainability
and growth of the 501(c)3 organization; oversaw a staff of two full-time and one part-time persons. STRATEGIC PLANNING Worked
with the Board of Directors to develop the association's strategic plan and is responsible for the implementation of the plan; most recently, a
new five-year plan was developed for 2013-2017. PROGRAM MANAGEMENT Developed programs that benefit and support the
association's diverse constituencies and leads staff and volunteers in implementing these programs, including but not limited to the
association's Annual Meeting, annual Board Retreat, and other events. FUNDRAISING Engaged in fundraising activities, included but not
limited to fundraising campaigns, grant writing, and donor cultivation, and worked to build a culture of giving within the served community.
FISCAL MANAGEMENT Oversaw accounting according to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and in line with 501(c)3
regulations including but not limited to the following: grant management; payroll; general ledger; financial statements; and development of
annual budgets.
Public Relations Staff Writer
 
January 1999
 
to 
August 2008
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
position CHIEF WRITER, EDITOR, AND PHOTOGRAPHER
Oversaw external and internal communications, served as editor and chief writer and photographer for news releases, the alumni magazine
The Morningsider, and the e-newsletter, On the Move. â—¦ Conducted interviews of alumni, faculty and staff on a regular basis.
MARKETING
Oversaw all marketing efforts and marketing research, including leading an integrated marketing team and the development and production
of television and radio commercials and print advertising. Major responsibilities
Served as the president's researcher and writer for the college's strategic plan.
Oversaw Office of Foundation and Grant Development; served as the college's main grant writer. Successful fundraising included but was
not limited to: â—¦ Worked closely with faculty to develop and seek funding for new programming; for example, worked with professors
from the mathematical sciences department in developing programming and writing and submitting a proposal for the National Science
Foundation's S-STEM solicitation; the $600,000 proposal was funded in February 2009.
Served on committees and task forces as assigned by the president. Major responsibilities
Supervised Office of Public Relations and staff of five; was responsible for ensuring continuation of consistent media coverage and effective
marketing efforts.
Served as spokesperson for the college.
Established Foundation and Grant Development, a new office at the college; served as the college's main grant writer.
Served as the president's chief writer. Major responsibilities
Oversaw external and internal communications, served as editor and chief writer and photographer for the alumni magazine, The
Morningsider, and the e-newsletter, On the Move.
Oversaw all marketing efforts and marketing research, including leading an integrated marketing team and the development and production
of television and radio commercials and print advertising. â—¦ Worked closely with admissions to develop and implement marketing
campaigns for recruiting students; the college's enrollment increased by 57 percent from 2001 to 2006. â—¦ Led the marketing efforts for
the College's 2002-2008 capital campaign, including development and production of publications and the campaign video; served as point
person for public launch event in October 2004; the campaign, which began with a goal of $20 million in 2002, raised $42 million by its
conclusion. â—¦ Oversaw the redesign and ongoing maintenance of the College Web site, including major redesigns in 2003 and direction of
a team of over 20 Web editors thereafter.
Managed a staff of four to eight.
Assisted with special event planning as needed. Major responsibilities included writing all news releases, copy for brochures, articles for the
alumni magazine, and other writing as assigned.
Co-Owner/Manager
 
January 1974
 
to 
January 1999
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Managed the business and its facilities, serving as its accountant and overseeing customer service and marketing efforts. Relevant
Proficiencies
Experienced in conducting interviews in a sensitive, culturally aware manner.
Experienced in communication through written materials.
Experienced in presenting and teaching to large audiences (see
Education
B.A.
 
: 
Spanish
 
, 
1999
 
Morningside College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
 
B.A., English (with an emphasis in writing) and Spanish, minor in mass
communications, Morningside College, Sioux City, Iowa, 1999
M.A.
 
: 
Leadership
 
Bellevue University
 
M.A., Leadership, Bellevue University, Omaha, Neb., January 2008
Languagesan emphasis in writing) and Spanish, minor in mass communications,
Professional Affiliations
Working with the Board, maintains the shared vision of the organization and appropriate goals and strategies to achieve that mission, provides
leadership in developing programs and organizational and financial plans, maintains acceptable standards of professional practice in the center, and
ensures ongoing accreditation by the National Children's Alliance
Publications
To Hear a Child Be a Hero for Kids and Words Hurt, Too NPA Testimony Regarding the Status of Women of Color in STEM. National
Postdoctoral Association. Available NIH Biomedical Working Group, NOT-OD-. Johnson Phillips, C., Fonseca-Kelly, Z., Fowler, G., Gelhaus,
S., and Taylor, D. . "The Future of Science in the United States: The case for supporting the 'invisible' researchers." Johnson Phillips, C. (2008)
"The Advantages and Challenges of at Small, Private Colleges (Master's thesis)." Omaha: Bellevue University Johnson Phillips, C., Gelhaus, S.,
Ho, J., and Pohlhaus, J.,
Presentations
Foothills Child Advocacy Center: Helping Child Victims"; First Presbyterian Church; Spring Gathering Luncheon; Charlottesville, VA; March 21,
2015 Foothills Child Advocacy Center: Proposal for Action"; Leadership Charlottesville, Charlottesville, VA, November 20, 2013 Finding a
Postdoc to Match Your Career Goals"; City University of New York (CUNY) Career and Research Symposium, New York, NY, February 1,
2013. Panelist, Society and Association Effort to Foster Research Integrity; National Academies Committee on Responsible Science: Ensuring the
Integrity of the Research Process, Washington, DC, August 14, 2012. Panel Moderator, Launch of International Consortium of Research Staff
Associations (ICoRSA), the European Open Science Forum, Dublin, Ireland, July 13, 2012. Using Data to Inform Policy Recommendations and
Strategic Planning"; Association of Institutional Research (AIR)/NSF/National Center for Educational Statistics (NCES) National Research Data
Institute, Washington, DC, July 12, 2012. The Future of STEM Graduate Education and Postdoctoral Training"; National Science Foundation
(NSF) Directorate for Education and Human Resource's Division of Human Resource Development Joint Annual Meeting, Alexandria, VA, June
14, 2012. Finding a Postdoc to Match Your Career Goals"; Howard University 2012 Preparing Future Faculty (PFF) Summer Institute,
Washington, DC, June 8, 2012. Expanding Cross-Disciplinary Dialogue in the Postdoctoral Community Workshop; organizer and session
facilitator; National Science Foundation, Arlington, VA, April 23-24, 2012. Practical Tips for Effective Mentoring: Hand-holding Not Required"
and "What Do You Need from Your Mentoring Relationships"; Environmental Protection Agency, Raleigh, NC, January 3, 2012. Comments on
general postdoc issues, The National Academies (NAS) Committee to Review the State of the Postdoctoral Experience in Scientists and
Engineers, Washington, DC, December 13, 2011. Leading Innovation and Discovery Workshop; organizer and session facilitator; National
Science Foundation, Arlington, VA, September 19, 2011. Postdoctoral Trends and Perspectives: Selection, Training, and Support," Graduate
Career Consortium, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, June 23, 2011. Presentation regarding postdoc workforce issues; National Institutes of
Health (NIH) Biomedical Research Workforce Working Group (Advisory Committee to the NIH Director); co-presented with Zoe Fonseca-
Kelly, Ph.D., Chair, NPA Board of Directors; NIH, Bethesda, MD, June 21, 2011. Facilitating Postdoc Women's Advancement in the Academic
Career Pipeline," Oregon State University, Corvalis, OR, May 27, 2011. Postdocs, Federal Initiatives and Title IX," 2011 NPA Annual Meeting,
Bethesda, MD, March 26, 2011. Postdocs & Title IX (Plus: Some Promising Practices)," 2010 NSF ADVANCE Workshop, Alexandria, VA,
November 8, 2010. Postdoc Women," National Academies Committee on Women in Science, Engineering, and Medicine (CWSEM) Meeting,
Washington, DC, November 4, 2010. Let's Talk: Broadening Participation in the Social, Behavioral, and Economic Sciences Postdoctoral
Community Workshop, National Science Foundation, Arlington, VA, organizer and session facilitator, October 29, 2010. EPSCoR Mentoring
Plan: The NPA Core Competencies & IDPs," Arkansas Science & Technology Authority EPSCoR Annual Meeting, Little Rock, AR, October 4,
2010. Remarks, National Academies Committee on Research Universities Reception, Washington, DC, September 21, 2010. Feeling Invisible?:
The Postdoctoral Experience," University of Florida, Gainesville, FL, September 13, 2010. How the NPA Can Help You to Maximize Your
Postdoc Experience," Society for the Study of Reproduction Annual Meeting, co-presenter with Philip Clifford, Ph.D. Milwaukee, Wis., July 31,
2010. Early Career Researchers Survey Project, Human Resources Expert Panel, facilitator/consultant for the National Science Foundation
Division of Science Resources Statistics, July 13, 2010. Thinking Long-term: The Keys to a Successful Postdoc," The University of South Dakota,
Vermillion, S.D., April 12, 2010. Thinking Long-term: Incorporating Core Competencies into the Postdoc Experience," Brown University
Providence, R.I., February 25, 2010. What Makes a Successful Postdoctoral Program?," Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Graduate Program in
Biomedical Science and Translational Medicine, Los Angeles, Calif., February 9, 2010 The NPA Core Competencies," University of Virginia
Lunchtime Postdoc Seminar, Charlottesville, Va., November 2009. What Makes a Successful Training Program?"; the National Institute on Drug
Abuse (NIDA) Research Training Directors' Meeting: Sustaining Training Programs for the 21st Century, Bethesda, Md., November 2009.
NPA's Perspective on Core Competencies," Group on Graduate Research, Education, and Training (GREAT) Postdoctorate Leaders Section
Annual Meeting: Innovation and Optimization of Graduate Student and Postdoctorate Learning and Development, St. Louis, Mo., October 2009.
Leadership Styles" and "Conflict Management," NPA Committee Leadership Institute, Bethesda, Md., October 2009. The State of the
Postdoctoral Researcher Today," the Cancer Biology Training Consortium (CABTRAC), Cancer Biology Chair and Directors Retreat,
Clearwater Beach, Fla., October 2009 What Every Postdoctoral Scholar Should Know," the Howard University/University of Texas at El Paso
(UTEP) Annual Institute of Postdoctoral Preparation, El Paso, Texas, September 2009. Mentoring Plans for Postdoctoral Associates," the
National Science Foundation (NSF) Division of Human Resource Development (HRD) 2009 Joint Annual Meeting (JAM), Washington, D.C.,
June 2009. What Every Postdoctoral Scholar and Principal Investigator Should Know: The National Postdoctoral Association Core
Competencies," the University of Nebraska-Lincoln Research Fair; Lincoln, Neb., April 2009. General presentation on the NPA and postdoctoral
issues, Postdoctoral and Young Investigator Networking Brunch, American Society for Nutrition (ASN) Scientific Sessions at Experimental
Biology 2009; New Orleans, La., April 2009. The Last Link: The Postdoctoral Experience," the National Science Foundation, Co-sponsored by
the Division of Graduate Education, The Office of International Science and Engineering, and The Division of Biological Infrastructure, Arlington,
Va., January 28, 2009. Leadership Seminar Leader, Morningside College Leadership Academy, March 2008. Cost-effective Surveys," Public
Relations Society of America (PRSA) Counselors to Higher Education (CHE) Senior Summit, Washington, D.C., April 2007. Keynote Speaker,
Quota International of Sioux City Annual Eighth Grade Honors Luncheon, March 2006 and March 2007.
Skills
Marketing, And Marketing, Its, Accountant, Customer Service, Receptionist, Retail Sales, Teaching, Advertising, Internal Communications,
Marketing Research, Print Advertising, Print Campaign, Public Relations, Basis, Maintenance, Fundraising, Accounting, Gaap, Strategic Planning,Event Planning, Million, Recruiting, Branding, Budgets, Community Outreach, Financial Statements, General Ledger, Leads, Media Relations,
Payroll, Program Management, Project Management, Collection, Community Relations, Financial Support, Liaison, Personnel Management,
Procurement, Recruitment, Acrobat, Adobe Indesign, Ap, Ar, Biomedical, Civil Site, Conflict Management, Content Management, Content
Management Systems, Database, Database Management, Excel, Human Resources, Indesign, Jam, Leadership Development, Learning And
Development, Mac, Mentoring, Microsoft Word, Nas, Network Attached Storage, Networking, Od, Optimization, Organizational Development,
Photoshop, Pipeline, Powerpoint, Quota, Site Design, Statistics, Time Management, Training, Training Programs, Word