Summary
I am a kitchen manager with six years in BOH operations. Demonstrated team leadership with excellent staff management skills.I am also a
Motivated chef with 5+ years experience in fast-paced restaurant kitchens. looking to work for a company were I can put 
my talent and skill 
to
good use I am a hands on manager and very well respected amongst my employees or staff members nothing has very been giving to me and i
work very hard to earn every title, or promotion i,ve ever held . I give 110% always focus on my goal to give my every best to all i do. and not
afraid to start from the bottom as a line cook or sous chef and work my way up to the top . with a good respectable company
Hard working food service professional
KITCHEN MANAGER / CATERING AND EVENTS CHEF
Highlights
ServSafe certified
High volume production capability
Focused and disciplined
Well-tuned palette
Focus on portion and cost control
Inventory management familiarity
Bilingual (English/spanish
Chef at sun tower hotel on Fort Lauderdale Beach
Cash handling
Reliable and punctual
Reliable team worker
Neat, clean and professional appearance
Comfortable standing for long time periods
Delivers exceptional customer service
Commercial deep fryer and slicer operation
Proven leader
American cuisine expert
Willing to work under pressure
Excellent multi-tasker
Culinary knowledge
Fluent in spanish
Restaurant management
Ethnic foods preparation
Food cost control specialist
Successful kitchen staff supervisor
Interviewing and training ability
Non-smoker
Plate presentation skills
Proficiency in inventory and ordering
Reliable, punctual and committed to customer service
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
kitchen Manager / Catering and events chef
 
07/2011
 
to 
01/2014
Apportioned and served food to facility residents, employees, or patrons.
Checked the quantity and quality of received products
Cleaned and prepared various foods for cooking or serving
Managed kitchen operations for high grossing, fast-paced fair concession kitchen.
Developed variety of menu items catering to customers with food allergies and diet restrictions such as gluten-free and vegan items.
Trained staff of twenty three employees for correct facility procedures, safety codes, proper recipes and plating techniques.
Examined trays to ensure that they contained required items
Inspected dining and serving areas to ensure cleanliness and proper setup
Managed preparation and presentation of the desserts for all catered events.Oversaw 8cooks and 17 staff members as part of overall back of the
house operations.
oversaw the meal on wheels operation for saint luice county
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Kitchen manager / Executive chef
 
01/2008
 
to 
06/2011
Checked in deliveries and signed off on products received.
Performed tableside food preparation including carving meats, boning fish and fowl and preparing flaming dishes.
Regularly inquired about member or guest satisfaction, anticipated additional needs and fulfilled further requests.
Effectively used items in stock to decrease waste and profit loss.Seasoned and cooked food according to recipes or personal judgment and experience
Ensured first-in-first-out system with all ingredients labeled and stored properly
Oversaw kitchen employee operations to ensure production levels and service standards were maintained
Regularly inquired about member or guest satisfaction, anticipated additional needs and fulfilled further requests.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Executive chef
 
02/2005
 
to 
02/2008
Delivered an exceptional dining experience with friendly, fast service.
Consistently adhered to quality expectations and standards.
Accurately recorded orders and partnered with team members to serve food and beverages that exceeded guests' expectations.
Regularly checked on guests' satisfaction.
Effectively communicated with kitchen staff regarding customer allergies, dietary needs and other special requests.
Answered questions about menu selections and made recommendations when requested.
Maintained knowledge of current menu items, garnishes, ingredients and preparation methods.
Served meals and snacks to employing families and their guests
Served residents and guests during meal times with speed and efficiency
Responded to resident or guest complaints regarding food or service
Provided guests with menus
Prepared special diet foods, salads, desserts, and other nourishments
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Lead line cook
 
02/2001
 
to 
01/2005
Served fresh, hot food with a smile in a timely manner.
Communicated clearly and positively with co-workers and management.
Cut and chopped food items and cooked on a grill or in fryers.
Operated large-volume cooking equipment such as grills, deep-fat fryers and griddles.
Accurately measured ingredients required for specific food items.
Carefully maintained sanitation, health and safety standards in all work areas.
Prepared the buffet and salad bar for dinner service.
Checked in deliveries and signed off on products received.
Delivered an exceptional dining experience with friendly, fast service.
Accomplishments
Recognized by peers and management for going above and beyond normal job functions.
Successfully managed a kitchen staff of 40+ employees during high volume dinner services for more than 500 diners each night
.Communicated with kitchen staff, dietitians and doctors to assure compliance with complex and frequently changing dietary needs of clients
Baked, roasted, broiled, and steamed meats, fish, vegetables and other foods.
Checked temperatures of freezers, refrigerators, and heating equipment to ensure proper functioning.
Cleaned and inspected galley equipment, kitchen appliances, and work areas.
Cleaned and sterilized equipment and facilities.
Ensured freshness of food and ingredients by checking for quality, keeping track of old and new items and rotating stock.Executed daily production lists and goals.
Helped with preparation, set-up, and service for catering events.
Planned menus according to employers' needs and diet restrictions.
Prepared food items..
Education
GED
 
:
 
Culinary arts
 
1996
 
Lyndon B Johnson 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
graduated with my GED and my culinary certificate as a station cook
Associate of Applied Science
 
:
 
Culinary arts
 
1999
 
Lincoln college
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Graduated in top 5 of class
Courses in Hospitality and Restaurant Management
Basic Vocational Certificate: Prep Cook
Nutrition courses
Classes in Restaurant and Facility Operations
Coursework in Food and Beverage Operations
serve safe management
Certifications
Serve safe
AA in applied science
Station cook certificate
Four dietary certificate
Languages
Bilingual Spanish/English/ 1/3 creole
Skills
Grill cook specialist
Fry cook specialist
Saucier
Soups /salads specialist
Inventory specialist
Menu and catering planner
Waste management specialist
Sautee and broiler specialist
Event planner
Expert in preparing 
daily specials
Scheduling
Profit 
and lost specialist
Team player
Excellent customer serviceTraining of employee