INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING INTERN
Summary
Seeking for full time position where I can apply my technical knowledge & skills for continuous improvement. I have 26 months of experience in
Lean Manufacturing, Production Planning and Supply Chain Management. Excellent computer and analytical skills.
Highlights
Application Software: MS Office, Minitab, PowerPoint, Excel, Solid works, AutoCAD, Pro E
Database: MS Access, SAP
Programming: Java, C, C++, Visual Basic, R, Python
Accomplishments
Quality Control: Implementing of PDCA cycle for improving image quality of smartphone camera, implementing DMAIC cycle for
improving quality issues related to cosmetic damages (scratches, bent, dent, etc.) using control charts and z transformation.
Metrics & Measurements: Time study, Process Mapping, JIT, &Work Sampling of Activities.
Intro to Statistics: Data analysis using normal & exponential distribution, simple & multi linear Regression.
Project Management: Project planning, analysis, scheduling using CPM and PERT analysis.
Production & Inventory Control: Develop assembly chart, process flow layout for subway with JIT.
Facility Planning: Designing and planning picking process, rack arrangement, Shipping and receiving locations.
Planning all warehouse process by analyzing previous order quantity records.
Developing new process in warehouse for maximum utilization of assets and meet required shipping demand during peek session.
Underwater Robot: Worked at IIT-Bombay workshop to make an underwater robot.
The robot was assembled using sensors, switches and motors for maneuvering the robot.
Technical Papers Inventory Management and Risk Pooling: Presented how centralized and decentralized distribution system affects safety
stock, service level, overhead cost, customer lead time and transportation cost.
Single Minute Exchange of Die concept: Explained how changeovers are not bad and how change over times could be reduced if the
changeover process is mapped.
Experience
Industrial Engineering Intern
 
May 2015
 
to 
January 2016
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Conduct Time Study & perform analysis on data to determine hourly production scheduling, non value adding activities, reduce cycle time
by 32% & lead time by 48%.
Line balancing to achieve required takt time and reduce work in process (WIP) inventory.
Implement Lean manufacturing such as Kaizen, 5S, documentation of Kanban card process & Continues Improvement to reduce waste,
inventory, non-value adding activity to improve productivity.
Developed material picking charts which determines the exact quantity of items to be picked, thereby, enhancing material picking
operations.
Scheduling material required for production and manage inventory of raw material.
Writing standard operating procedure (SOP) for various process in entire plant.
Ergonomic designing of work cell to improve efficiency of workers.
Junior Engineer
 
July 2013
 
to 
June 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Managed assembly line for traction and induction motors at Siemens.
Responsible for supervising 4 Inspectors and 24 team members in the assembly department.
Responsible for generating a production schedule and Process Planning for necessary changes based on customer priority and orders.
Responsible for safety of everyone in the plant and Forecasting risk from data analysis and provide Strategy/planning for Lean
Manufacturing Practices within the plant.
Participate in monthly cost team projects, process improvement projects and assign cross-training projects and Kaizen projects to team
members.
Manage quality, day to day production, labor efficiency.
Intern
 
November 2012
 
to 
May 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Developed the inspection process for motor accessories.
Designed tools, gauges and fixture in AutoCAD and /or ProE as required.
Managed the outsourced manufacturing of necessary tools, gauges or fixtures.
Maintain Gauge Calibration database.
Managed the calibration schedule with outside vendors or in-house calibration group.
Worked in PM and QM modules of SAP R/3 to enter or retrieve data.
Awareness of ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 14001(EMS), Integrated Management system (IMS) & Hazard identification and risk awareness(HIRA) documents on shop floor.
Education
Masters of Science
 
: 
Industrial Engineering Production & Inventory management
 
, 
May 2016
 
University of Texas
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
United States
 
GPA:
GPA: 3.5
 
Industrial Engineering GPA: 3.5 Production & Inventory management
Bachelor of Engineering
 
: 
Production Engineering Manufacturing, Planning and Supply Chain
 
, 
July 2013
 
Mumbai University
 
India
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.5
Production Engineering GPA: 3.5 Manufacturing, Planning and Supply Chain
Skills
AutoCAD, C, C++, Calibration, charts, data analysis, Database, designing, documentation, Forecasting, IMS, inspection, inventory, ISO, ISO
9001, Java, Lean Manufacturing, MS Access, Excel, MS Office, PowerPoint, Minitab, process improvement, Programming, Python, quality,
safety, SAP, SAP R/3, Scheduling, Siemens, Solid works, SOP, Strategy/planning, supervising 4, Visual Basic, reduce waste