ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN III
Summary
Engineering Technician with an extensive troubleshooting, repair, and installation background. Thorough knowledge of Electrical, Mechanical,
Pneumatic and computer systems. Self-starter who quickly masters new skills and systems.
Highlights
Extensive Troubleshooting and repair proficiency
Interpretation of schematics, blueprints and drawings
Quick to act on customer service requests/issues
Resolve issues down to the component level
Document work performed through internal database
Proficient in AC/DC motor systems and theory
Electrical Power Generation
Data Acquisition systems
Red-line documents and implement changes
Excellent written and verbal communication
Environmental/ESS Chamber repair
Pneumatic system design/repair and leak detection
Solenoid and valve replacement
Lock out/Tag out, Arc Flash, Live Electrical and ESD certified
Labview software
PC and ESS Monitor repair
Customer service-oriented
Strong safety awareness
Excellent problem solver
Strong attention to detail
Accomplishments
Troubleshot and repaired test equipment for several AOG's (Aircraft on ground) to satisfy customer (Delta Airlines) demands.
Experience
Engineering Technician III
 
07/2013
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for all Test Equipment Maintenance on-site to include Production, Repair & Overhaul, Engineering and Environmental labs.
Responds to test equipment Service requests through the TESR/TPM system.
Works closely with Engineering, Electricians, Facilities, and Metrology to resolve issues.
Areas of responsibility include Electrical Power Generation, Cabin Pressure, Fuel/Advance Controls and Sensors, Electronics, and
Environmental Labs.
Troubleshoots down to the component level and resolve root cause.
Troubleshooting/repairing pneumatic pressure and vacuum systems.
Generator Test Technician III
 
08/1999
 
to 
07/2013
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Setup and perform functional acceptance testing of aircraft and ground power generators using manual and automated test equipment in
accordance with applicable test procedures. Record test data and accept or reject units through the use of functional test stamps.
Responsible for troubleshooting test failures to the component level. Also performs various assembly processes when required. Works with
various and specialized test equipment such as volt meters, ohm meters, power meters, dielectric testers, etc. Completes trouble reports and
yield tracking logs. Other duties include safety representative and Metrology coordinator for department. E.S.D. certified and meets ISO-
9001 standards and requirements.
Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Maintenance Technician
 
02/1998
 
to 
08/1999
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Performed airframe and power plant maintenance on forward observing reconnaissance aircraft. Maintained engine proficiency by adjusting
valves, ignition points, and performed highly advanced computer aided diagnostic testing. Inspected airframes for structural damage and
performed high-tech composite repair procedures using precision sanding and measuring equipment. Skills include electrical safety and
explosive ordnance handling.
Electrical Power Generation Equipment Repairer Technician
 
08/1996
 
to 
08/1999
 
Company Name
Performed maintenance on mobile utility precise power generation sets, and internal combustion engines. Administered troubleshooting
procedures on electronic equipment using wiring schematics and diagrams. Maintained diesel and gasoline engines by adjusting valves,
carburetors, ignition points, alternators, regulators, and solenoids. Performed maintenance services such as lubrication, oil change, radiator
flushes and repaired small motor generators. Supplied electrical power to numerous field customers.
Education
Certificates
 
1998
 
State
•Certificate, UAV Mechanical Technician course, U.S. Army, Ft. Huachuca, AZ, completed 1998
•Certificate, UAV Maintenance Technician Common course, U.S. Army, Ft. Huachuca, AZ, completed 1998
•Certificate, Power Generation Equipment Repairer, U.S. Army, Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD completed 1996•Certificate, Power Generation Equipment Repairer, U.S. Army, Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD completed 1996
•Diploma, Pueblo High School, Tucson, AZ, graduated 1996
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Professional Aeronautics
 
Embry Riddle Aeronautical University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
U.S
Completed 2 years
Skills
Live Electrical, Arc Flash, Lock-Out/Tag-Out, ESD, functional testing, test equipment repair and operation, troubleshooting, ISO-9001 standards,
electrical equipment operation, Mechanical repair, oil servicing, Power Generation, soldering, electrical component repair, safety awareness,
schematics, blueprints, drawings, various testing equipment, equipment/wiring installation, solenoid/valves, PC repair, fabrication, 
well organized,
self motivated, excellent written and verbal communication skills,