FINANCE MANAGER / PLANT CONTROLLER
Summary
Ten years experience with high-volume manufacturers, demonstrating leadership and strong project management execution skills. Instrumental in
reducing labor and overhead $2.5 million and contributing to operational goals and business profit. 
Strengths include financial reporting,
forecasting, budgeting process and internal control.
Highlights
A highly motivated and educated, goal and success orientated individual with over ten years of professional
work experience within the US and China, of which eight years are with Reckitt Benckiser (Fortune #160)
and Regal Beloit (Fortune #713)
Profound knowledge of management accounting, cost, inventory accounting, and familiarity with General
Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP)
Strong organizational, analytical and interpersonal skills with keen attention to detail and
Played a key role in the core management team and expanded roles supporting IT and supply chain functions
Strategic and financial
planning expert
Business
performance
improvement
Knowledge of
GAAP guidelines and
SOX Compliance
Certified Public
Accountant (CPA)
Oracle / JDE /Global
Shop
Proficient in
Microsoft Office
Thrives under
pressure
Solution-oriented
Staff leadership and
development
Goal
Focusing/motivation
Flexibility and
adaptability: Adapt to
the changes
Accomplishments
Cost Reduction
Established and coordinated a robust plan for the control of operations including period financial results and variance analysis, expense
budgets, cost standards, together with necessary controls and procedures to effectuate the plan both short and long term, drove $2.5M
annual savings on both labor and variable overhead.
Gross Margin Improvement
Improved margin accuracy, and drove gross margin 3.6% year-over-year increase
Provided accurate variance analysis to sourcing team, operation teams for variance and spending control
Analyzed gross margin by customer, gave valuable feedback to 
sales team for strategic planning and margin improvement
Inventory Control
Lead annual physical inventory, identified discrepancies, decreased finished goods inventory cycle count by over 50%.
Coordinate with material team with inventory control and assisted the plant reaching lower days inventory outstanding (DIO)
Team Contributions
Expanded roles and provided support in IT, supply chain functions
Work under pressure with limited resource and time
Provided valuable insight and support important decisions to senior managers
Leadership: truly respected the peer, provided guidance to achieve the goals and stepped in where they needed support.
Experience
Finance Manager / Plant Controller
 
Nov 2013
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Replaced prior CFO prior to Regal acquisition. 
Led key initiatives and re-established the credibility of finance team, and played a key role
in the management team.
Improved margin accuracy, and drove gross margin 3.6% year-over-year increase (COGS reduction);
Led obsolete inventory review and drove significant reduction; also assisted sourcing team improved DIO reductionProvided reliable and timely project by project expense, capitalization, amortization and spending data for all departments.
Prepared monthly and quarterly forecast, as well as annual operations planning, including top line sales, capital expenditure, variable cost
projects (4-6% year over year reduction), SG&A and business three year long range planning.
Improved finance closing process and shorted closing duration by 1-2 days and closed 7 gaps and added 5 control procedures to ensure
monthly financial reporting accuracy
Provided accurate and timely reports to mechanical finance group
Expanded roles and provided support in IT, supply chain functions
Plant Controller
 
Jan 2011
 
to 
Dec 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Manage financial and accounting functions for the manufacturing plant generating annual external sales $65M and internal sales $35M.
Accountability extends to financial reporting, products profit and operating expense analysis, capital project planning, and inventory control.
Established and coordinated a robust plan for the control of operations including period financial results and variance analysis and
explanations, expense budgets, cost standards, together with necessary controls and procedures to effectuate the plan both short and long
term.
Prepared monthly financial reviews and submitted financial reports, on a timely and accurate basis.
Strived continually to improve financial reporting, forecasting and budgeting process, and standardized work. Lead HVAC operation
finance team to create standard operating procedures (SOP) and job instruction breakdown (JIBs) on annual budgeting process.
Continuous improvement and the pursuit of "work faster and smarter" are some of the core values to Springfield finance team.
Selected Contributions: âˆ’ 
Â 
Communicated the opportunities and threats from forecast and assisted the management team making decision and taking actions, so the
plant achieve $7.8 M operating margin, 3% higher than annual operating plan. âˆ’
Analyzed and supported the plant manager to execute one shift platform in the plant, which drove $2.5M annual savings.
Lead annual physical inventory, identified discrepancies, decreased finished goods inventory cycle count by over 50%.
Ensure the internal control at the plant level is operating effectively and accounting department is in compliance with corporate initiatives and
accounting standards (US GAAP). âˆ’
Worked with engineering manager on variable cost productivity projects and led financial analysis to achieve $2.8M savings vs OP plan
$2.1M.
Senior Financial Analyst
 
Jan 2007
 
to 
Jan 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Tracked and provided business leaders North America inventory reports of all plants and logistics centers
Assisted the plant controller with $100M operational budget planning, including labor, variable overhead and fixed overhead. Lead cost
allocation project for annual standard cost roll up.
Ensured implementation of company cycle count policy - monthly meetings with operations on adjustments, audits of counts on a quarterly
basis, monthly tracking and validation of count program, and quarterly audit of finished goods inventory.
Selected Contributions: âˆ’ Closed, maintained and reconciled the plant general ledger âˆ’ Analyzed variances on the monthly basis and
tracked variances against forecast and reported deviations and gaps to the management team âˆ’ Coordinated with engineering manger to
conduct fixed assets audit and accelerated calculation. âˆ’ Conducted post audit review on capital spending projects. âˆ’ Oversaw the
monthly closing process and report the plant performance and identified possible cost saving opportunities
Marketing Manager
 
Jan 1998
 
to 
Jan 2000
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Shanghai, China
Attained sales of 1.3 million US dollars in year 1999 and helped company establishing and growing profitable business
Developed strategic marketing planning, created new markets and expanded customers base
Led the projects from initiating relationship with customer, developed the project with IT team through the end of project completion.
Education
Master of Accountancy
 
, 
Accountancy
 
2011
 
Missouri State University
 
Certified Public Accountant Green Belt Trained in Lean Six Sigma (2011)
Master of Accountancy - Missouri State University
B.S.
 
, 
Accounting
 
Missouri State University
 
B.S., Accounting - Missouri State University
International Finance and Accounting, Business
 
Amsterdam Business School
 
International Finance and Accounting Studies - Amsterdam Business
School, Holland
B.S.
 
, 
English
 
Shanghai International Studies University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
CN
 
B.S., English - Shanghai International Studies University, Shanghai, China
Certifications
Certified Public Accountant
Skills
Budgeting, Forecasting, 
Financial Analysis, Financial Reporting,
Cost Accounting, Variance Analysis, Cost Reduction, Standard and Actual Costing, GAAP, Hyperion
Continuous Improvement, Inventory Control, Six Sigma trainedCertified Public Accountant
Results-Oriented Mindset, work under pressure, accountability, adaptability, team player, energized and motivated, excellent interpersonal
and communication skills.