BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT LEADER
Summary
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER Experienced leader with more than 7 years of experience working in sales, marketing and business
development with specialization in identifying, developing, and maintaining new strategic business partnerships. Propelled a small chemical trading
firm into a flourishing manufacturer, national distributor and global manufacturer's sole-trading partner. Highly motivated, tough negotiator with
excellent verbal and written skills. Expertise in engaging decision making and devising winning sales strategies and solutions. Innovative, adaptable,
analytical, action-oriented, and flexible in working with suppliers and customers in dynamic international markets. Developed sole-selling agencies
of 4 different manufacturers in 3 different countries encompassing 6 different products. Experienced in working collaboratively with cross-
functional teams such as technical, legal, finance, sales and marketing. Bringing creativity, complex problem-solving skills, entrepreneurial drive, and
unceasing spirit to all endeavors.
Skills
Strong business acumen
Managing cross functional teams
Motivational management style
Sales and pricing strategies
Customer-focused sales leader
New product and market development
Strategic sourcing and hedging
Data-driven decision making
Demand prediction
Supply chain and resource management
Cost control and profit maximization
Project planning and development
Business forecasting and strategy MS Office Suite, Adobe Photoshop, Macromedia Flash and
Dreamweaver, Programming Skills - HTML, C, C++
Experience
Business Development Leader | Partner | Director
 
Feb 2010
 
to 
Nov 2017
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Spearheaded company-wide marketing campaigns introducing new products which boosted sales 
by more than 67% in just 1 year.
Increased gross profit by 135%, net profit by 133% and EDITDA by 100% in less than 7 years.
Ensured long-term profitability by researching and renegotiating vendor and customer contracts.
Identified and eliminated loss making products and promoted profitable ones.
Single-handedly developed a large customer base for a new product range increasing sales from 
zero base to more than $2 million in just
under 4 years.
Demonstrated strong leadership by recruiting, training and managing more than 20 employees 
across different locations and multiple
departments.
Managed accounts of more than 300 customers directly, retaining almost all of them till date.
Strategically sourced products and negotiated long term contracts by consistently beating 
aggressive competition in reverse auctions to win
business of a major manufacturer.
Gained market share post the recession years of 2008 and 2009 by segmenting customer base 
and servicing new specialized niches.
Developed and implemented employee welfare policies and other company policies on ethical 
way of conducting business.
Assisted in preparing balance sheets and filing multiple tax returns including income tax, excise 
duty, service tax, value added tax, and goods
and service tax.
Worked closely with auditors, set 
budgets for expenses, negotiating secured and unsecured credit lines with banks.
Teaching Assistant
 
Aug 2007
 
to 
Dec 2009
 
Company Name
Graduate Teaching Assistant
Worked for two and half year as graduate teaching assistant, teaching 
organic chemistry laboratory to undergraduates.
Trained over 250 students in basic to semi-advanced theoretical and 
laboratory skills in organic chemistry 
Responsibilities.
Presented lectures to class of over 100-150 students.
Conducted multiple 
one-on-one student review sessions.
Responsible for making presentations, teaching course material, teaching lab 
skills, and grading of assignments and final exams.
Education and Training
Masters of Science
 
, 
Organic Chemistry
 
May 2010
 
Organic Chemistry Research and Thesis Option), Virginia Tech
Bachelor of Technology
 
, 
Dyes and Intermediates, Institute of Chemical Technology
 
May 2007
 
Dyes and Intermediates, Institute of Chemical
Technology Research Publication Pd-catalyzed amination; Tetrahedron Letters. 2011, 52, 916
Research Project: Mild and convenient ways to prepare N-alkyl tacrines (June 2008 - May 2010)
 
May 2007
Skills
Dreamweaver, Adobe Photoshop, balance sheets, basic, budgets, C, C++, chemistry, contracts, Cost control, credit, clients, decision making,
delivery, filing, Macromedia Flash, forecasting, functional, gross profit, HTML, leadership, leadership skills, Letters, logistics, Managing,
manufacturing 
processes, marketing, market, market development, MS Office Suite, win, 2000, negotiating, negotiator, policies, presentations,pricing strategies, profit, Programming, Project planning and development, Publication, quality, quality assurance, recruiting, researching, Research,
Sales, Self-starter, strategy, Strategicsourcing, Supply chain, tax, tax returns, teaching