ENGINEERING SUPERVISOR
Executive Summary
Dedicated engineer with excellent technical, analytical and communication skills demonstrated by 9 years of experience. Team-oriented Electrical
Engineer with over four years experience designing, developing and testing electronic products. Forward-thinking Electrical Engineer with hands-
on experience performing quality troubleshooting, electronics system, and plumbing. Perform general repairs on all floor covering, upholstery,
welding, and fabrication. Maintain a property wide clean and safe work area. Troubleshoot and repair mechanical equipment ranging from heating,
ventilation and air conditioning equipment, fan coils, chillers, pumps, boilers, and cooling towers. Receive and respond to maintenance calls in the
hotel and casino from guests and other departments.
Core Qualifications
Training program implementation
Project management
Drilling engineering
Building commissioning experience
A highly motivated and energetic personality.
Ability to take initiative and exhibit flexibility.
Excellent customer service skills.
Interpersonal communication skills
Demonstrated organizational/planning skills
Adaptability
Ability to translate technical specifications
Have interpersonal skills to deal effectively with all business contacts.
Professional Experience
Engineering Supervisor
 
11/2014
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Assist management indirect oversight of department daily
operation.Â Ensures effective communication between the Facilities Director and all other supervisors of the Engineering Department.Â Performs
all other duties as assigned by the Facilities Director.Â Ensures that quality services and controls conform to established standards.Â Quickly
assesses problems or situations and takes the proper corrective action without hesitation, and makes prompt and just decisions.
Engineering Assistance Supervisor
 
06/2005
 
to 
05/2014
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Managed team of 21 of professionals. Utilize reporting tools to analyze and monitor status of project and individual work efforts. 
Collaborate with
all departments and engineering teams to continuously manage trade-offs between scope, resources and time during the project/task durations.
Perform all duties as deemed necessary for the success of the department. Ability to communicate with employees and other Department Heads.
Previous experience using industrial hand tools, power tools, testing, and monitoring equipment.
Sky Cap
 
09/2001
 
to 
05/2005
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Confirmed that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems.Exercises sound judgment in issuing credits and making exceptions
to customer policies to maintain high levels of customer satisfaction.Managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve
customer issues quickly and efficiently.
Education
High School Diploma
 
12
 
El Dorado High School
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Skills
Leadership Development Program
Hands On Training: Electrical, Pluming, Painting, Full Finish, Wall Paper
Management Training, Team Builder, Outlook Training, Excel Training, Hotsos Training, Stratton Warren "MMS"