SALES ASSOCIATE
Summary
I have been with IBC for nearly a year, and I am looking forward to continuing my carreer as the Sales Lead for the Moore Branch. I am
determined to help my branch continue to grow, and I am excited to continue to develop our Tellers and Sales Associates into outstanding,
motivaded, and productive IBC employees. I tried my very best to make sure our customers were satisfied and had a great experience at our
dealership. *Maintained a positive attitude throughout the day, despite any 
difficult situations that may have presented themselves.
Experience
10/2015
 
to 
Current
Sales Associate
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
I am responsible for opening all types of accounts, personal and business, and collecting all the required documentation for those accounts.
I am also responsible for ensuring that all proper documents are signed, scanned, and saved to the appropriate systems.
I perform routine maintenance on all accounts.
I Prepare Consumer and Small Business Loan applications, complete with all supporting documents, and send them to the appropriate Loan
Liason.
I prepare Legal Document Review Forms, along with any/all supporting documents, (Death Certificates, Marriage Licenses, Trust
Documents, Wills, etc.) and send them to our legal department for review.
After I hear back, I revise/close the account needing legal review.
I often need to determine if an account may need a fraud hold placed on it, and submit the proper paperwork.
I make, answer, and return phone calls, and help customers with whatever they may need.
Issue and deactivate Debit Cards on a daily basis, based on a customer's needs.
I am responsible for our Vault procedures here at our branch.
I help balance, sell, buy, ship money in/out.
Accommplishments:.
I have reached at least Bronze performance every month, often reaching Silver and Gold.
I am responsible for the day to day activity that happens inside the branch.
I received recognition for being a top performer during the second quarter of 2015.
I have helped Moore Branch perform at Bronze, being the only sales associate in the branch, and without even having a manager.
I am able to navigate Precision, Horizon, Outlook, IMS, DX Enterprise, Elan, and any other website or system we use here at IBC.
06/2014
 
to 
12/2014
Assistand/Warranty Administrator
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Conduct all payment transactions for the Service Department.
Submit warranty claims.
Send out invoices and bills to third party repair shops.
Receive payments and reimbursements.
Send all service reminders via email.
Complete check out of rental cars.
Scann all records into the database.
Order and deliver lunch for all employees and customers on Saturdays.
Answer all phone calls directed to the service department.
Set up service appointments.
Advise customers when their vehicles were ready for pickup.
Communicated with the mechanics and service advisors frequently in order to help the days run smoothly, and to help accomplish the work
needed to be done.
11/2009
 
to 
09/2015
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Greet parents with a smile and a warm, inviting attitude.
Direct children to the appropriate place; make sure he/she is happy and comfortable.
Sort through backpacks and homework and notes that have been sent by parents, or paperwork that has been returned to the teachers, and
distribute the things where they need to go.
Keep the classroom clean and organized.
Take inventory of the classroom supplies and order more when necessary.
Submit and distribute book orders and fundraiser information.
Type and send all correspondence to parents as needed.
Plan activities for the week.
Make sure to have one on one time with each student every day.
Substitute in the front office as needed: Answer/transfer calls; take messages;take messages; receive money and keep record of it;type
newsletters for the school; any other needs that may have to be taken care of.
Accomplishments:.
Learned patience, kindness, and how to stay organized, focused and calm under pressure.
I feel that my greatest accomplishment at FUMC was the positive impact I had on my students and their parents' lives.
There is no better feeling in the world than to know that you have made a positive difference in someone's life.Education and Training
May 2008
High School Diploma
 
Madill High School
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Graduated in the top 10% of my class *Captain of our Drill Team *President of the High
School Show Choir
Jan. 2010
Elementary Education
 
Ardmore Higher Education Center
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Elementary Education 3.4 Unfortunately did not receive a degree. I
withdrew from classes to take care of my grandmother.
Work History
Company Name
Skills
balance, book, database, Debit, documentation, email, Forms, front office, IMS, inventory, Legal, notes, money, Outlook, Enterprise, newsletters,
sales, take messages, phone, Type, website
Additional Information
2