CONSULTANT
Summary
I am an experienced Program Manager, delivering enterprise-grade on-premises and SaaS products at Microsoft while being customer obsessed.
I was previously an Enterprise Desktop Architect at multiple large companies, both as an employee and in a consulting capacity. 
I have a proven
track record of positive impact in enterprise desktop management, infrastructure, systems administration, programming and automation, enterprise
architecture, and project management.
Highlights
Windows OS
VMware Server/View
IIS
Leadership
System Center Configuration Manager
Enterprise Imaging/OSD/MDT
App-V
Consulting
MSI/Windows Installer
BitLocker Full Disk Encryption
Server 2K8/2k12
Project management
InstallShield AdminStudio
VDI
ASP.NET/VB.NET/C#/VBScript
Microsoft BitLocker Administration and Monitoring
MS SQL Server
App Compat
Spanish
UE-V
Accomplishments
MCTS: Windows 7, Configuration and MCTS: Windows 7 
MCTS: Office 2010, Deployment.
Experience
Consultant
 
Jul 2011
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
responsible for architecting and implementing client solutions for large enterprises.
Won four awards for efforts with enterprises and well as internal work done to promote knowledge sharing (Great People/Great
Performance, Knowledge Management Sharing, Community Star, and a Key Talent award) and received the top ranking available.
Drove not only Windows 7 adoption at an 85,000 seat Fortune 100 international financial institution, but the purchase of the Enterprise
edition with MDOP and continued to fight for Microsoft share with Bitlocker, ConfigMgr 2012, and App-V.
Founded the Americas Client Solutions Birds of a Feather community initiative, a biweekly call with 40+ consultants providing an open
forum for knowledge sharing, instant support, and networking opportunities.
Expanded community to include new college hires and other international communities.
Won multiple awards for knowledge sharing.
Effort included a separate call for Windows 8 First Wave consultants resulting in many successful engagements and a living lessons learned
document to be used for overall Windows 8 consultant readiness.
Expanded to include Readiness Groups, a unique and effective way to prepare 90+ consultants internationally for a large new wave of
technology, increasing billable utilization amongst all client solutions focused consultants.
Architected and led Windows 7 deployment at a large international financial institution for 85,000 machines.
Programmed a website in VB.NET to aid rapid application rationalization.
Created three global Windows 7 images, including an x86 and x64 version, with multiple languages in MDT 2010/2012 and building a ZTI
image using MDT and Configuration Manager 2007 to allow rapid OS uplift.
Packaged 20+ applications as part of image engineering.
Drove application packaging efforts utilizing App-V and MSI (where appropriate), moving towards zero touch.
Developed and managed a virtual UAT test environment to allow remote access for testers to validate their applications which was utilized
for thousands of applications.
Architected and implemented MBAM and began migrating from PGP to Bitlocker.
Assisted with image requirements and partnered with other teams to define hardware standards, better define licensing management,
improve application and workstation self-service systems and processes.
Drove a security settings review and implementation on both XP and Windows 7 to set security baselines for machines to decrease attack
vectors on both platforms.
Created a 3 year Workstation Transformation Roadmap for a large client to streamline processes, improve end to end user experiences,
implement Windows 8/Windows to Go/ConfigMgr 2012/App-V/profile management/data backup, and cut costs.
The effort is projected to save over $3 million year over year.Built a solution that integrates with MDT 2012 to allow direct transfers of user data from machine to machine using USMT, removing the
need for intermediary storage.
Solution works for home users needing replacement machines as well and can be done remotely, cutting the time needed to get end users up
and running.
Solution in use at many major companies, speeding up OS migrations while cutting costs.
Extended a 5 month engagement with a client to over 2 Â½ years.
Sold over $400,000 of additional services business to the client to drive forward the Windows 7 and Workstation Transformation efforts
utilizing additional Microsoft resources.
Enterprise Desktop Architect
 
Jun 2006
 
to 
Jun 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Senior member of the Enterprise Client Systems team responsible for Client Architecture.
Architected, implemented, and maintained SMS 2003/SCCM 2007 infrastructure for over 30,000 machines in 22 different hospitals and
hundreds of clinics.
Designed the application lifecycle process, including application packaging best practices for MSI repackaging.
Managed the application packaging effort for all of Intermountain Healthcare.
Performed QC on over 400 applications.
Packaged hundreds of applications using InstallShield AdminStudio into MSI format.
Utilized App-V and ThinApp to virtualize applications to prevent application conflicts.
Integrated App-V into SCCM and set up a streaming infrastructure to support VDI efforts in VMware View.
Involved with image creation (custom solution and OSD), patch management (WSUS), inventory, and encryption
(EFS/Bitlocker/Safeboot).
Tier 3 support for all hospitals and clinics.
Architected and led the packaging effort for over 250 applications in one year with 5 packagers (2 of which were packaging part time)
meeting an aggressive deadline for the opening of Intermountain's largest hospital.
Designed VDI client infrastructure on top of VMware View, including imaging, software delivery, profile management, and group policy for
100+ virtual machines that were being piloted, resulting in a dynamic, efficient, stable, and cost effective computing environment.
Programmed a utility in VB.NET to assist desktop technicians in automatically adding machines to AD groups and SCCM collections for
deployment of MSI/App-V based installations, significantly reducing the amount of time needed to deploy applications to groups of
machines.
Currently used in over 3 million deployments, saving thousands of man hours and cutting application delivery time to machines from 24 hours
down to 10 minutes per deployment.
Created a utility in VB.NET to automate the updating of distribution points, creation of new collections (with appropriate rights), creation of
AD groups, and advertisement creation, allowing the Enterprise Client Systems team to quickly respond to new deployment requests.
Packaged hundreds of applications on top of other Enterprise responsibilities.
QC'd 400+ applications, certifying them on 2K, XP, and Win7 in restricted user environments and then deploying them via SCCM to over
30,000 managed machines.
Implemented a virtual test lab in VMware View for sponsor testing and Windows 7 compatibility testing, decreasing application issues in
production by 30%.
Architected a Certificate Authority with an offline root, as well as logon scripts and GPO's to encrypt mobile devices using Microsoft EFS
to assist in aligning Intermountain with HIPPA and other regulations.
Played a major role in defining IT direction on the Enterprise Desktop Subcommittee (responsible for desktop design), Hardware
Subcommittee (responsible for defining hardware standards), and the CMDB Subcommittee (responsible for moving the company more
towards ITIL standards).
Programmed a website to track applications, Win7 compatibility, and audit deployments for license compliance.
Assisted in the design, testing, and implementation of the Windows 7 image for Intermountain Healthcare, migrating from a custom imaging
solution to OSD in SCCM.
Created custom WMI class in SCCM's MOF file and a script to populate the class on each client for centralized BitLocker reporting via
SCCM for compliance purposes.
Utilized USMT and a custom XML file to migrate user settings and data during migration and to new machines during replacement
scenarios.
Sep 2005
 
to 
Jun 2006
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Analyzed customers' systems and designed implementation strategies to seamlessly integrate the Fresh Market Manager solution into
existing systems.
Managed the work of two other employees.
Provided 24 hour tech support for over 15 customers worldwide.
Created scripts to automate testing and installation of Park City Group's products.
Shouldered responsibilities of the Systems Administrator role managing Exchange, Windows 2000/2003 Server, Networking, VPN, and
Active Directory.
Automated a time-consuming, complicated, error-prone installation process resulting in faster and more problem free installations,
supporting an influx of new customers.
Identified a lack of company knowledge surrounding scalability strategies with Fresh Market Manager and wrote a load testing script tosimulate a variable amount of supermarkets simultaneously hitting an Oracle database.
Faced with a short deadline to provide training for a customer in Thailand, developed a five-day course including a hands-on demo using
VMware Workstation which resulted in a successful knowledge transfer.
Led technical team in providing pre-sales support, systems analysis, planning, and implementation of Park City Group's products for multiple
new customers which resulted in successful execution.
Undertook the role of Systems Administrator for the company on top of other duties after the departure of an employee.
Quickly gained an understanding of various complex systems, documented them, and spent time after hours studying systems where I
previously didn't have experience to be able to provide support for them.
ExxonMobil - Senior Systems Technical Analyst
 
Sep 2002
 
to 
Sep 2005
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for technical application delivery and infrastructure for over 100,000 desktops worldwide.
Provided Level 3 technical support for engineers and geoscientists around the world.
Supplied task-driven scripts for User Support Engineers and Data Management staff.
Worked with end users to identify application requirements and created and deployed solutions to them.
Managed 3 different teams on the largest IT project at ExxonMobil, repackaging over 5000 applications into MSI format and rolling out XP
to 100,000 desktops.
Developed a program to automate SMS deployment which resulted in over $200,000 in annual savings and increased customer satisfaction
due to faster application delivery.
Managed the Conflict Resolution team and reduced manpower on team from 5 to 1 through strict process and best practice design, saving
over $300,000 in contractor costs during the XP rollout project.
Led a team of 5 employees on the Application Deployment team.
Implemented a Recycle Coordinator Queue to perform root-cause analysis which cut costly application failures in production from 80% to
20% in a matter of 2 months resulting in savings of over $280,000.
Learned Active Directory in 2 weeks and subsequently trained over 75 people on its use.
Repackaged over 60 applications in a year, was assigned the most difficult apps and quickly completed them.
Trained new employees who became solid performers.
Built the Application Stewardship team from the ground up utilizing 10 contractors and 1 employee.
Documented and developed all processes and best practices.
Team exceeded initial goal of completing 1 app every 2 days by completing more than 1 application per day.
Promoted to a new level in just 2 years.
Leveraged existing programming skills to learn Perl.
Produced an SMS script to assist supervisors in recovering license costs when personnel transfers occurred saving thousands of dollars in
unused licenses.
Education
BS
 
, 
Business/MIS
 
Brigham Young University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Business/MIS 3.77
Skills
VB.NET, ASP.NET, Active Directory, adding machines, streamline, AD, application packaging, automate, backup, Hardware, Conflict
Resolution, consultant, Consulting, Encryption, Client, customer satisfaction, Data Management, delivery, desktops, direction, XML, financial, IIS,
image, Imaging, InstallShield, inventory, ITIL, Knowledge Management, Leadership, managing, Market, access, C#, Exchange, Windows OS,
Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows, Win7, Windows 2000, 2K, works, migration, MSI, Enterprise, Networking, OS, Oracle database,
packaging, Perl, personnel, processes, programming, Project management, reporting, sales support, scripts, script, SMS, Spanish, MS SQL
Server, systems analysis, technical support, User Support, tech support, unique, VBScript, View, VPN, website, x86