DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Highlights
Word, 
Excel, 
PowerPoint, 
Adobe, 
Java, 
Oracle 
JD 
Edwards 
Enterprise, 
Epitome/WinAl, 
Data Collection, Internet, and Social Media.
Experience
July 2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
State
optimize financial operations by performing complex analyses on enterprise wide negotiations, projections, time-of-business reviews, and
guest port services distribution channels, claims/utilization costs.
Determining the effectiveness of territory by analyzing and targeting special segment of sales reports.
Provided data from multiple sources for monthly, quarterly, annual, and ad hoc reports generated for various departments and senior
management; ensured data was accurate by identifying and resolving errors and discrepancies.
Reviewed, analyzed, and resolved claims (based on performance, $50,000 limit ofauthority quickly eliminated by supervisor); processed
thousands claims worth in excess of $20 million.
Initiated, calculated and reported upon a quarterly productivity analysis.
Participated daily in tasks related to financial reporting, budgeting and forecasting, asset and liability reconciliation, working capital, and cash
control.
Director of Business Development
 
May 2014
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Work along side with the management team in an advisory capacity to investigate the needs and propose routes for the business to achieve
its goals.
Implement agreed actions & achieve specific business objectives (managing a test marketing program or a promotional campaign, or
introducing new system), then managing hand-over and support if needed to sustain progress.
I coordinate and lead the sales pursuit process.
I developed the new business from new customers, and expand existing client relationship.
Managed the sales strategies/plans to keep it consistent with the company's long range strategic objectives.
Maintence Operations study in a high-tech industry, releasing 
20-30% capacity.
Customer Experience transformation, leading the diagnostic and design phases.
Fundraisor Director
 
September 2012
 
to 
March 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Providing collaborative leadership and coordinates submission of interdisciplinary proposals to support capital and needs to advances the
needs interests by researching and identifying sources of support or revenue generation.
Using proactive skills and extensive network by 
seeking 
new 
and 
expanded 
opportunities 
to generate new proposals based on mission and
goal statement of organizations' guidelines and interest.
Advise and assist the Executive Director in devising and implementing fundraising strategies for specific projects and review them on a
regular basis.
Take the lead in developing new fundraising sources.
Work closely with the Executive Director to increase profile and enhance our reputation within the donor community.
May 2001
 
to 
January 2012
 
Company Name
Bolletieri Tennis Academy, Bradenton - provided coaching to promising junior players at one of the top tennis academies in the world
(2001).
Flamingo Park, Miami Beach - instructor at busy tennis facility; taught all levels ofplayers; developed loyal and steady clientele (both locals
and returning visitors); ran tennis camps (2002 -2004).
Miami Shores Country Club, Miami - Director, summer tennis camp for kids (10-18); responsible for program development; scheduling
head pros; logistics; liaison with accounting regarding pro compensation (2004).
Private Coach to USTA - top ranked junior Cassandra Herzberg; coaching on physical, strategic, motivational and technique development
led to rise in national ranking from: 200 to Top 3 (2004-2008).
Negotiated contracts with major sports brands including Nike, Wilson, and Luxilon; coordinated tournament scheduling and travel logistics.
Played a key role in the recruitment of Cassandra to Brown University where she hold first position in the roster for all four semesters.
Education
Associate of Arts
 
: 
May 2011
 
MIAMI DADE COLLEGE
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
Graduated with the Highest Praise, Summa Cum Laude GPA:
4.0
 
Graduated with the Highest Praise, Summa Cum Laude GPA: 4.0
January 
2001
 
ZAGREB SCHOOL OF ECONOMICS & MANAGEMENT
 
GPA: 
GPA: 4.0
 
GPA: 4.0
CFA 
(CHARTERED FINANCIAL ANALYST, 
level 1
 
: 
December 2013
 
FLORIDA INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Hospitality and Tourism Menagment Finance
 
, 
December 2012
 
GPA: 
Graduated with the Highest Praise, Summa Cum
Laude GPA: 3.9
 
Hospitality and Tourism Menagment Finance Graduated with the Highest Praise, Summa Cum Laude GPA: 3.9
Work History
Company Name
Languages
Multilingual, fluent in English, Croatian, and Cyrillic.Skills
accounting, Adobe, ad, budgeting, Coach, coaching, contracts, clientele, client, Data Collection, fluent in English, senior management, financial,
FINANCIAL ANALYST, financial reporting, forecasting, fundraising, instructor, Java, JD 
Edwards, leadership, logistics, Director, managing,
marketing, Excel, PowerPoint, Word, negotiations, Enterprise, network, Oracle, program development, progress, proposals, recruitment,
researching, sales, scheduling, strategic, supervisor
Additional Information
Hold United States Permanent Resident status 
(previously 
held Extraordinary Ability 01 Visa).