IT CONSULTANT
Professional Summary
Self-motivated, detail oriented Senior Computer/Network Technician with 20 years experience in Oil and Gas corporate network and service
environments. Windows Server 2000, 2003, 2008 R2, Cisco, Active directory Administrator and network Administrator with proven
troubleshooting and problem resolution skills. Independent worker and valued team contributor with excellent communication, interpersonal and
customer service skills. Willing to relocate.
Core Qualifications
GIS, Kingdom, Petra, MS Office 97-2013 Citrix, Market Data. Mitel 3000 & 5000, Cisco CME, Exchange 2010 
Networking: Active
Directory,Cisco LAN/WAN, DHCP, TCP/IP, ODBC, VPN, Isilon
Accomplishments
NEW HORIZONS COMPUTER LEARNING CENTER, Houston, Texas.
Implementing Microsoft Windows 2000 Professional Server.
Implementing Microsoft Windows 2000 Network Infrastructure.
Administering Microsoft SQL 2000 Server Database.
Experience
January 2014
 
to 
February 2016
 
Company Name
Technical Anaylst 
Network Anaylst for T1 and VSAT network.
Support of applications for pipeline technicians.
Cisco Unified Communicator Manage Cisco VOIP phones.
Work with Datto, Acronis and Symantec backup applications.
Managed licensing and FlexLM for Petra.
Supported user installation and maintenance of Petra database.
Restoration of corrupted projects from SQL database.
Managed all Installation and configuration for network, workstations and laptops.
Gas Control and application management.
Managing applications on 2008R2 server for Accounting and Gas flow.
Active Directory management creation of users and groups and permissions for all corporate users.
Creating solutions for measurement applications for gas pipeline.
Office 365 Administrator to create user mailboxes and distribution groups.
Desktop support for all users in corporation.
Support for SCADA platforms insuring data connection.
IT Consultant
 
June 2013
 
to 
December 2013
 
Company Name
for acquisition of Apache shelf properties.
Cordinated network and application replication with Apache Oil & Gas.
Worked with Apache and other 3rd part vendors and contractors to replicate Apache infrastructure for transition to FieldWood Energy.
This was replicating all Apache network, databases applications and voice for offices and Gulf Platforms for a seemless transition.
Worked to replace Cisco phone system.
Wored with vendors to replace application and software license.
SPN Rescources/Dynamic Offshore LLC/SandRidge Energy 
4-2007 &ndash; 5-2013 
Network Administrator 
Managed all Installation and
configuration of hardware and software for all workstations and laptops on shore and handled all equipment and communications for
offshore platforms.
Terminal server administrator.
Worked with Citrix applications for corporate and external users.
Managed Ision server for G&G applications users for Kingdom software.
Administrator of Dell and HP Servers.
Managed and maintained Osilon server nodes for Geophysical engineers.
Managed AD and created accounts for all users and groups needed for corporation access, email and all network drives.
Managed and was administrator for Mitel 3000 VOIP phones for company.
Managed all 2003 and 2008r2 servers for corporation.
Managed the installation of P&A and Workover jobs and communications offshore.
Built configured and was Administrator for Exchange 2010 on Windows 2008r2 server.
Managed all network communication for offshore platforms with microwave and VSAT connectivity.Managed licensing of all prioritary
software and applications for company.
Managed and supported Bez server and Blackberry&rsquo;s and smartphone, IPhone, Samsung.
Support of VPN cisco client.
Superior Energy, HoustonTexas 
12-2005 &ndash; 4-2007 System Support Specialist Install and configure hardware and software for XP
workstations and laptops and server 2003 on network.
Management of active directory on Server 2003 and remote desktop to support all users throughout region.
Built and managed servers for corporation.
Administrator of Exchange creating users and troubleshooting server issues Administror AD for corporation.Support of Bez server and Blackberry&rsquo;s.
Support of VPN cisco client.
Sold to Dynamic Offshore got promotion to network administrator of company.
Senior Workstation Technician
 
January 1997
 
to 
January 2005
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Citrix Administrator Managed AD for accounts.
Install and configure hardware and software for workstations and laptops with Windows NT, 2000 or XP on network for energy trading
floor with live market feeds, Reuters and Bloomberg market data.
Used Active directory for support of users and groups.
Support network and client/server applications, shared data storage, proprietary software, and Internet applications and troubleshoot
hardware and software issues for end-users throughout corporation.
Education
Associate
 
: 
Computer Science Technology
 
, 
1993
 
MICROCOMPUTER TECHNOLOGY INSTITUTE
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Computer Science
Technology
Skills
Accounting, Active Directory, AD, Apache, backup, Bloomberg, cisco, Citrix, client/server, hardware, client, databases, database, Dell, DHCP,
email, energy trading, GIS, HP Servers, Internet applications, LAN, laptops, Managing, Market, access, Exchange, Office, MS Office 97,
Windows, 2000, Windows NT, microwave, Communicator, Network Administrator, Network, Networking, ODBC, Oil, phone system,
promotion, Reuters, SCADA, servers, SQL, Symantec, T1, TCP/IP, Desktop support, phones, Terminal server, troubleshoot, troubleshooting,
VPN, VOIP, WAN