HR SPECIALIST (INFORMATION SYSTEMS)
Experience
02/2013
 
- 
12/2014
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
HR Specialist (Information Systems)
Permanent/FT Supervisor: Iris Murray (910-432-2392)
Served as Fort Bragg Installation Civilian Personnel Information Systems Manager with full responsibility for establishing and implementing
automated personnel policy, providing advisory services, and resolving HR automation user issues. This included system access control, HR
automation training administration and instruction, HR automation system software functionality and interface issues, hardware
troubleshooting, installation and maintenance, and regulatory and procedural guidance, etc. Systems included: FASCLASS, AutoNoa, USA
Staffing, Business Objects Applications (SAP Software), CPOL, DCPDS, CSU, eOPF, ASARS, etc.
Designed, constructed, tested, deployed, and maintained organizational SharePoint infrastructure. Designed customized web-based
management tools to improve organizational efficiency, communication, and archiving capabilities.
Served as the Webmaster for the Fort Bragg Civilian Personnel Advisory Center (CPAC) internet and intranet products with responsibility
for ensuring release compliance, proper website structure and architecture, ease of use, and esthetic appeal.
Wrote detailed technical plans to maintain organizational functionality in the occurrence of service interruptions due to software
incompatibility issues resulting from Network Enterprise Center compliance demands and newly implemented network configurations.
Managed storage capabilities and built a detailed archival system to maintain organization's historic documents.
Analyzed organizational automation training needs and constructed detailed training plans. Coordinated training registrations for internal and
external customer base. Constructed customized slides and literature to meet training needs. Delivered short-term and extended training
sessions on HR automation program functionality, troubleshooting, capabilities.
Performed onsite and phone-based troubleshooting of HR automation programs. Assisted users with identifying likely causes of functionality
problems and employed non-standard and standardized troubleshooting to solve user issues.
Managed all user account requests for all Fort Bragg users to include initial request, modifications, and deletions. Provided advisory services
to CPAC staff and external managers on automation issues, proper system usage and guidelines, and general account maintenance.
08/2012
 
- 
02/2013
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
HR Specialist
Permanent/FT Supervisor: Kimberly Malone (870-540-3077)
Served as a senior HR Specialist leading a four-person team in the accomplishment of recruitment and placement work. Responsible for
analyzing workforce capabilities and equitably distributing workload to best utilize organizational resources. Set and tracked suspenses and
deadlines on assigned work. Set workload milestones and regularly monitored whether my team was meeting the goals as projected and
adjusted my approach accordingly to meet production requirements.
Assigned and tracked all pre-work to ensure analytical accuracy in the strategic recruitment discussion and job analysis phases. Reviewed
all RPA coding and remarks prior to submission for processing. Continually analyzed work practices and processes to gather data for
streamlining or process change proposals.
Managed all user account requests for all Pine Bluff Arsenal users to include initial request, modifications, and deletions. Provided advisory
services to CPAC staff and external managers on automation issues, proper system usage and guidelines, and general account maintenance.
Served as the HR Automation Program Administrator. Provided technical assistance and advisory services within the CPAC and to all
post-wide users for personnel automation systems. Served as the installation Information Management Officer for HR automation.
Performed workforce needs assessments to determine the overall intellectual resources, skill level and training needs of junior HR Specialists
and HR Assistants. Advised the HR Officer on learning progression, areas of needed improvement, and recommendations for training of the
junior HR workforce. Constructed training materials and performed workforce development training for my organization.
Conducted reviews and quality control of all assessments and vacancy announcements of my team prior to publishing and use the resulting
observations in the construct of developmental training.
Designed and conducted on-site training on HR processes and automation to a workforce of over 1,200 employees. Assessed existing HR
training programs and determined the need for adjustment, replacement, or maintenance based on employee feedback and productivity
measures. Constructed new training materials and delivered organizationally standardized training.
Performed strategic recruitment discussions to determine proper position classification, area of consideration, and overall recruitment plan.
Conducted detailed job analysis in concert with hiring managers and subject matter experts.
Built and edited vacancies, assessments, and vacancy announcements (Delegated Examining Unit and Merit Promotion) using USA Staffing.
Coded personnel actions. Performed post-selection processes.
Advised the post Command group and directorate level managers on difficult HR issues, i.e. attrition management, regulatory
determinations, etc. Conducted regulatory, organizational, and procedural research, analysis, and synthesis of human resources related laws,
policies, and regulatory guidance in order to write proposals to address complex staffing solutions, production focus, and HR process
improvement.
Analyzed organizational composition and provide position management and classification support to assigned organizations under the
General Schedule (GS) and Wage Grade (WG) pay schedules. Advised managers on the position classification process and the use of
various classification references and automated tools.
Performed routine and non-routine position classification of supervisory, non-supervisory, leader, professional, administrative, clerical,
technical, other, and blue collar position. Performed FLSA determinations. Researched and analyzed classification regulations, handbooks,
references, and regulatory guidance. Analyzed position description data and write position evaluations.
Served as the Priority Placement Plan (PPP) and Reemployment Priority List Program Administrator with responsibility for program
operations and performance, data audits, eligibility determinations, conduct of registrant counseling, registrations, and file maintenance.
Conducted PPP file and match audits. Continually monitored program to maintain operational and procedural consistency, determine needfor process improvements, and ensure registrants are receiving proper service and assistance.
08/2011
 
- 
08/2012
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
HR Specialist
Permanent/FT Supervisor: Kimberly Malone (870-540-3077)
Served as the HR Automation Program Administrator. Provided technical assistance and advisory services within the CPAC and to all
post-wide users for personnel automation systems. Served as the installation Information Management Officer for HR automation
Managed organization-wide HR automation account establishment and end-dating. Advised managers and employees on system
functionality and limitations. Specialized in the use of Business Objects Applications program to provide Defense Civilian Personnel Data
System (DCPDS)-based reports and statistical analysis for the post command group and servicing CPAC.
Supervised roll out of new automation processes, e.g. CAC enabling, PPP Pre-requisitioning (ASARS), USA Staffing conversion, etc.
Constructed guidance and instructions to assist in resolution of personnel system user issues and informs users of upcoming automation
changes or outages. Gathered and analyzed user experience data to determine the need for system adjustment, replacement, or maintenance
based on employee feedback and productivity measures.
Served as the Pine Bluff Arsenal USA Staffing Super User responsible for implementing Regional changes, keeping the workforce informed
of functionality issues, attending bi-weekly Regional meetings to stay abreast of automation developments, maintaining user and customer
accounts, building custom notification letters, troubleshooting, and answering questions related to system functions, usage, and regulatory
guidance.
Created and manipulated automated databases using Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Access. Used varying databases, universes, and data
elements to construct complex Business Objects Applications reports. Utilized these reports to retrieve employee statistical and profile
information for analysis and interrogatory requests.
Provided guidance on merit system principles, prohibited personnel practices, HR regulations, and the development and use of valid
selection criteria and processes. Advised management on recruitment strategies, sources, appointment authorities, and special programs.
Performed routine and non-routine position classification of supervisory, non-supervisory, leader, professional, administrative, clerical,
technical, other, and blue collar position.
Analyzed and applied classification standards, SOP's, laws, and regulatory guidance to conduct classification and FLSA determinations on a
variety of position including Wage Schedule and General Schedule non-supervisory, supervisory, wage grade, wage leader, and wage
supervisor positions. Analyzed position description data and wrote position evaluations.
Researched and analyzed relevant federal regulations and guidance to determine legality and options. Crafted suggestions and recruitment
strategies for presentation to the post command. Presented monthly HR-related training to a diverse workforce consisting of over 1,200
employees.
Served as a peer-to-peer trainer and reviewer on HR functions, e.g. recruitment/placement procedures, vacancy announcement
construction, job analysis, suspense tracking, and use of HR automation programs. Coded personnel actions IAW the Guide to Processing
Personnel actions and other applicable regulatory guidance.
Reviewed and analyzed all personnel actions prior to submission to reconcile any errors or discrepancies. Analyzed quality control RPA
data and Open Goodness of Data reports to double check for incorrect event coding. Wrote vacancy announcements, determined
qualifications, set pay, and produced merit promotion and DEU referral lists.
Analyzed, interpreted and applied recruitment and placement regulatory guidance, laws, and policies. Assisted customers with federal
employee benefits programs concerning entitlements, insurance, beneficiaries, Post-56 buy back, retirement preparation, leave, TSP,
compensation, etc. Provided advisory services to staff and managers to resolve staffing, classification, pay, action processing, and related
personnel issues.
Served as the Priority Placement Plan (PPP) and Reemployment Priority List Program Administrator with responsibility for program
operations and performance, data audits, eligibility determinations, conduct of registrant counseling, registrations, and file maintenance
Education
Miller-Motte College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
 
Associate
 
: 
Microcomputer Applications
 
Associate Degree 04/2015 Miller-Motte College, Wilmington,
NC United States GPA 3.61 of a maximum 4.0 Credits Earned: 68 Credit Hours Major: Microcomputer Applications Relevant Coursework:
Web Development, PC Operating Systems, Project Management, Desktop Publishing, Presentation Graphics, PC Hardware & Software A+,
Advanced Database Management, Advanced Spreadsheets, Advanced Word Processing, E-Commerce
Capella University Minneapolis
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
 
Master's
 
: 
Human Services
 
Master's Degree 03/2010 Capella University Minneapolis, MN
United States GPA: 3.67 of a maximum 4.0 Credits Earned: 48 Semester hours Major: Human Services Honors: Cum Laude
Accomplishments
Major: Human Services Honors: Cum Laude
Military Experience
08/2012
 
- 
02/2013
Company Name
 
Specialist
 
Department of the Army, Civilian HR Agency Hours per week: 40 Fort Bragg, NC Permanent/FT Supervisor: Iris
Murray (910-432-2392) Served as Fort Bragg Installation Civilian Personnel Information Systems Manager with full responsibility for establishing
and implementing automated personnel policy, providing advisory services, and resolving HR automation user issues. This included system access
control, HR automation training administration and instruction, HR automation system software functionality and interface issues, hardware
troubleshooting, installation and maintenance, and regulatory and procedural guidance, etc. Systems included: FASCLASS, AutoNoa, USA
Staffing, Business Objects Applications (SAP Software), CPOL, DCPDS, CSU, eOPF, ASARS, etc. Designed, constructed, tested, deployed,
and maintained organizational SharePoint infrastructure. Designed customized web-based management tools to improve organizational efficiency,
communication, and archiving capabilities. Served as the Webmaster for the Fort Bragg Civilian Personnel Advisory Center (CPAC) internet and
intranet products with responsibility for ensuring release compliance, proper website structure and architecture, ease of use, and esthetic appeal.
Wrote detailed technical plans to maintain organizational functionality in the occurrence of service interruptions due to software incompatibilityissues resulting from Network Enterprise Center compliance demands and newly implemented network configurations. Managed storage
capabilities and built a detailed archival system to maintain organization's historic documents. Analyzed organizational automation training needs and
constructed detailed training plans. Coordinated training registrations for internal and external customer base. Constructed customized slides and
literature to meet training needs. Delivered short-term and extended training sessions on HR automation program functionality, troubleshooting,
capabilities. Performed onsite and phone-based troubleshooting of HR automation programs. Assisted users with identifying likely causes of
functionality problems and employed non-standard and standardized troubleshooting to solve user issues. Managed all user account requests for all
Fort Bragg users to include initial request, modifications, and deletions. Provided advisory services to CPAC staff and external managers on
automation issues, proper system usage and guidelines, and general account maintenance. HR Specialist (Recruitment & Placement/Info Systems)
GS-0201-12 08/2012 - 02/2013 Department of the Army, Civilian HR Agency Hours per week: 40 Pine Bluff, AR Permanent/FT Supervisor:
Kimberly Malone (870-540-3077) Served as a senior HR Specialist leading a four-person team in the accomplishment of recruitment and
placement work. Responsible for analyzing workforce capabilities and equitably distributing workload to best utilize organizational resources. Set
and tracked suspenses and deadlines on assigned work. Set workload milestones and regularly monitored whether my team was meeting the goals
as projected and adjusted my approach accordingly to meet production requirements. Assigned and tracked all pre-work to ensure analytical
accuracy in the strategic recruitment discussion and job analysis phases. Reviewed all RPA coding and remarks prior to submission for processing.
Continually analyzed work practices and processes to gather data for streamlining or process change proposals. Managed all user account
requests for all Pine Bluff Arsenal users to include initial request, modifications, and deletions. Provided advisory services to CPAC staff and
external managers on automation issues, proper system usage and guidelines, and general account maintenance. Served as the HR Automation
Program Administrator. Provided technical assistance and advisory services within the CPAC and to all post-wide users for personnel automation
systems. Served as the installation Information Management Officer for HR automation. Performed workforce needs assessments to determine the
overall intellectual resources, skill level and training needs of junior HR Specialists and HR Assistants. Advised the HR Officer on learning
progression, areas of needed improvement, and recommendations for training of the junior HR workforce. Constructed training materials and
performed workforce development training for my organization. Conducted reviews and quality control of all assessments and vacancy
announcements of my team prior to publishing and use the resulting observations in the construct of developmental training. Designed and
conducted on-site training on HR processes and automation to a workforce of over 1,200 employees. Assessed existing HR training programs and
determined the need for adjustment, replacement, or maintenance based on employee feedback and productivity measures. Constructed new
training materials and delivered organizationally standardized training. Performed strategic recruitment discussions to determine proper position
classification, area of consideration, and overall recruitment plan. Conducted detailed job analysis in concert with hiring managers and subject
matter experts. Built and edited vacancies, assessments, and vacancy announcements (Delegated Examining Unit and Merit Promotion) using USA
Staffing. Coded personnel actions. Performed post-selection processes. Advised the post Command group and directorate level managers on
difficult HR issues, i.e. attrition management, regulatory determinations, etc. Conducted regulatory, organizational, and procedural research,
analysis, and synthesis of human resources related laws, policies, and regulatory guidance in order to write proposals to address complex staffing
solutions, production focus, and HR process improvement. Analyzed organizational composition and provide position management and
classification support to assigned organizations under the General Schedule (GS) and Wage Grade (WG) pay schedules. Advised managers on the
position classification process and the use of various classification references and automated tools. Performed routine and non-routine position
classification of supervisory, non-supervisory, leader, professional, administrative, clerical, technical, other, and blue collar position. Performed
FLSA determinations. Researched and analyzed classification regulations, handbooks, references, and regulatory guidance. Analyzed position
description data and write position evaluations. Served as the Priority Placement Plan (PPP) and Reemployment Priority List Program
Administrator with responsibility for program operations and performance, data audits, eligibility determinations, conduct of registrant counseling,
registrations, and file maintenance. Conducted PPP file and match audits. Continually monitored program to maintain operational and procedural
consistency, determine need for process improvements, and ensure registrants are receiving proper service and assistance. HR Specialist
(Classification/Recruitment & Placement) GS-0201-11 08/2011 - 08/2012 Department of the Army, Civilian HR Agency Hours per week: 40
Pine Bluff, AR Permanent/FT Supervisor: Kimberly Malone (870-540-3077) Served as the HR Automation Program Administrator. Provided
technical assistance and advisory services within the CPAC and to all post-wide users for personnel automation systems. Served as the installation
Information Management Officer for HR automation Managed organization-wide HR automation account establishment and end-dating. Advised
managers and employees on system functionality and limitations. Specialized in the use of Business Objects Applications program to provide
Defense Civilian Personnel Data System (DCPDS)-based reports and statistical analysis for the post command group and servicing CPAC.
Supervised roll out of new automation processes, e.g. CAC enabling, PPP Pre-requisitioning (ASARS), USA Staffing conversion, etc.
Constructed guidance and instructions to assist in resolution of personnel system user issues and informs users of upcoming automation changes or
outages. Gathered and analyzed user experience data to determine the need for system adjustment, replacement, or maintenance based on
employee feedback and productivity measures. Served as the Pine Bluff Arsenal USA Staffing Super User responsible for implementing Regional
changes, keeping the workforce informed of functionality issues, attending bi-weekly Regional meetings to stay abreast of automation
developments, maintaining user and customer accounts, building custom notification letters, troubleshooting, and answering questions related to
system functions, usage, and regulatory guidance. Created and manipulated automated databases using Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Access.
Used varying databases, universes, and data elements to construct complex Business Objects Applications reports. Utilized these reports to
retrieve employee statistical and profile information for analysis and interrogatory requests. Provided guidance on merit system principles,
prohibited personnel practices, HR regulations, and the development and use of valid selection criteria and processes. Advised management on
recruitment strategies, sources, appointment authorities, and special programs. Performed routine and non-routine position classification of
supervisory, non-supervisory, leader, professional, administrative, clerical, technical, other, and blue collar position. Analyzed and applied
classification standards, SOP's, laws, and regulatory guidance to conduct classification and FLSA determinations on a variety of position including
Wage Schedule and General Schedule non-supervisory, supervisory, wage grade, wage leader, and wage supervisor positions. Analyzed position
description data and wrote position evaluations. Researched and analyzed relevant federal regulations and guidance to determine legality and
options. Crafted suggestions and recruitment strategies for presentation to the post command. Presented monthly HR-related training to a diverse
workforce consisting of over 1,200 employees. Served as a peer-to-peer trainer and reviewer on HR functions, e.g. recruitment/placement
procedures, vacancy announcement construction, job analysis, suspense tracking, and use of HR automation programs. Coded personnel actions
IAW the Guide to Processing Personnel actions and other applicable regulatory guidance. Reviewed and analyzed all personnel actions prior tosubmission to reconcile any errors or discrepancies. Analyzed quality control RPA data and Open Goodness of Data reports to double check for
incorrect event coding. Wrote vacancy announcements, determined qualifications, set pay, and produced merit promotion and DEU referral lists.
Analyzed, interpreted and applied recruitment and placement regulatory guidance, laws, and policies. Assisted customers with federal employee
benefits programs concerning entitlements, insurance, beneficiaries, Post-56 buy back, retirement preparation, leave, TSP, compensation, etc.
Provided advisory services to staff and managers to resolve staffing, classification, pay, action processing, and related personnel issues. Served as
the Priority Placement Plan (PPP) and Reemployment Priority List Program Administrator with responsibility for program operations and
performance, data audits, eligibility determinations, conduct of registrant counseling, registrations, and file maintenance
Certifications
RPA CAC DoD
Skills
Hr, Maintenance, Registrations, Staffing, Training, Access, Account Maintenance, General Account, Access Control, Architecture, Archiving,
Csu, Hardware Troubleshooting, Intranet, Microsoft Sharepoint, Sap, Sharepoint, Web Based, Web-based, Audits, Clerical, Coding, File, Flsa,
Job Analysis, Operations, Ppp, Quality Control, Recruitment, Technical Assistance, Answering, Benefits, Bi, Business Intelligence, Cac,
Compensation, Customer Accounts, Databases, Employee Benefits, Excel, Federal Regulations, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Ms Access,
Statistical Analysis, User Experience, Publishing, Hr Issues, Hr Process Improvement, Human Resources, Process Improvement, Process
Improvements, Proposals, Solutions, Training Programs, Ar, Dod, Gsa, Information Assurance, Online Learning, Online Training, Security,
Associate, Credit, Database, Database Management, Desktop Publishing, Project Management, Word