ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT
Summary
A dedicated and focused administrative professional who excels at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to
achieve project goals. Results-oriented team-player eager to bring strong administrative skills to company in need of top-level support.
Â 
Education
Master
 
:
 
Public Relations
 
2015
 
Full Sail University
Public Relations
Bachelors of Arts 
Bachelor of Arts
 
:
 
Spanish, Philosophy, Media studies
 
2013
 
Mercer University
Marketing, Public Relations and Journalism coursework
Presentation Skills workshop
Coursework in Business, Communications and Advertising
Associate of Arts
 
:
 
Philosophy
 
2011
 
Georgia Perimeter College
Student government representative
Academic Achievement Award
Highlights
Advanced MS Office Suite knowledge
Excel spreadsheets
Competent in Adobe Creative Suites Software (InDesign, 
Illustrator, Photoshop)
Adobe Acrobat XI Pro
Meeting planning
Report writing
Schedule management
Deadline-oriented
Report analysis
Employee training and development
Problem resolution
Meticulous attention to detail
Schedule management
Experience
Company Name
 
State
 
Administrative Assistant
 
01/2013
 
to 
10/2014
Designed web and other content.
Designed electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files.
Handled all media and public relations inquiries.
Created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced Excel functions and calculations to develop reports and lists.
Served as professional representative of the CEO to executive clients, investors and board members.
Published and Designed corporate newsletter. prepared and edited articles. designed graphic presentation.
Edited Website content including newsletter and blog posting production using Adobe creative suites.
Created, delivered, edited, and optimized marketing materials.
Proofread and edited incoming and outgoing documents.
Reviewed operating practices and implemented improvements where necessary.
Coordinated project-based work Prepared and edited correspondence, communications, presentations and other documents.
Designed and maintained databases.
Company Name
 
State
 
Public Relations Specialist
 
01/2012
 
to 
09/2014
Identified customer needs through market research and analysis.
Researched, negotiated, implemented and tracked advertising and public relations activities.
Defined project and company vision, strategies and tactics.
Designed web and other content, including monthly newsletters and promotional calendars.
Worked with management to identify trends and developments capable of influencing PR decisions and strategies.
Managed editorial content, design and distribution of external company documents.
Organized PowerPoint presentations, website content and designs etc.).
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Marketing Assistant
 
01/2012
 
to 
01/2013
Contributed to relevant blogs, conferences and events both off-line and online to increase brand awareness.
Helped developed contingency plans and alternative solutions for all projects.Event Planning, and coordination.
Provided input and supporting documentation for the preparation of monthly marketing reports.
Provided support to marketing department coordinator.
Assisted in maintaining all Hodac sponsored websites.
Created and delivered press releases, media relations' content, corporate newsletter content, and social media content.
Participated and assisted in facilitating community awareness activities, i.e.
Assisted in the coordination of public service announcements and all media related activities.
Helped create marketing campaigns and track results of these efforts.
Helped Draft scripts and coordinated with different departments for consistent messaging.
Company Name
 
State
 
Administrative Assistant
 
01/2010
 
to 
01/2011
Ensured all marketing materials were consistent, easy to understand, and well organized.
Provided administrative support for Mercer University academic and service-learning program.
Supported Mercer's community work-study internships and tutoring programs through event calendar updates.
Facilitated student communication with prospective volunteer opportunities through in-person, telephone, and email.
Maintained and organized volunteer opportunity database for optimal student use.
Languages
Fluent in French, Spanish, Creole
Skills
Administrative support, Letters and Memos, Filing, Prioritization, Report,
 Event Planning, Scheduling, Telephone Skills, Time Management, Client
Relations, Customer Service, Multilingual,Networking Events,Inventory, Internet Research
Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint Presentations, Document translation, Internet Research, Spreadsheet
Adobe Acrobat Pro, Photoshop, 
InDesign, Illustrator,graphic Design, Marketing Materials, media relations, 
newsletter, 
Press Releases,
 web
content development, Proposal Writing, Strategic Research, 
Social Media Maintenance