MARKETING COORDINATOR/GRAPHIC DESIGNER
Professional Summary
Passionate person with two years of experience as a marketing coordinator. Strong adaptability to new working environment and willing to learn
new skills and take on new challenges. Skilled in designing campaign materials and promotional items using InDesign and Illustrator. Seeking a
position in marketing with a company on a long-term basis who is looking for a hardworking, goal-oriented team player.
Core Qualifications
Excellent Mandarin Chinese writing and speaking skills. Computer Knowledge MS Word 
MS Excel 
MS PowerPoint 
MS Outlook Windows 7
Mac OSX 
CS InDesign 
CS Illustrator
Experience
Marketing coordinator/Graphic designer
 
January 2013
 
to 
December 2013
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Coursework and Project: Case Studies in Advertising and Public Relations Through investigation of real AD and PR cases, specifically
targeting the influence of advertising in Asia such as China, Japan and Korea, setting up advertising objectives, creating advertising
campaigns, and measuring advertising effectiveness.
Completed project: "Advertising to Children in Japan", "Research of Oreo Campaigns" Theories, Models and Practices in Integrated
Marketing Communication Set up personal company: initial preparation included market research, establishing a Mission Statement,
targeting audience, setting core values, positioning lines (a marketing words what used to be called "slogans") SWOT(strengths,
weaknesses, opportunities and threats) 
establishing the main products.
Other tasks involved basic budget planning, customer surveys, choosing the best advertising strategy based on product's functionality,
selecting magazine, outdoor poster, and radio commercial for advertisement.
Individually completing all posters and designs.
Desktop Publishing -Masters project Magazine designed: Flavors- Taste the world http://issuu.com/wudan3/docs/flavors_taste_the_world
Other related courses included: Perspectives in Global Leadership, Theories and Applications of Persuasion.
Advertising Producer
 
February 2012
 
to 
December 2012
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Used Adobe Audition to dub, edit, and choose proper soundtracks to finalize ads.
Created and edited ads for certain products that obtained positive feedback from clients and successfully played through radio and
television.
Ability to host a radio show independently and have own radio show about currently popular news and topics.
In charge of editing news and audio production.
Account Executive Intern
 
May 2011
 
to 
August 2011
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
Initiated new project and rapidly realized goals and was praised as a "fast learner" by the manager.
Kept in touch with past clients and potential clients.
Conducted internal and external meetings, controlling the atmosphere and proceeding.
Manager Assistant
 
February 2014
 
to 
June 2014
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Assisted in providing consulting services to a Shenzhen Investment company including evaluating diverse portfolios, performing property
analysis, identifying valuations of tangible and intangible real estate-related assets.
Fully understood investor objectives and requirements for an investment property and collaboratively built an investor profile based on their
resources and requirements.
Obtained comprehensive marketing analysis and developed a strategy base on customer input such as: "We want to purchase new
construction commercial properties and resell them within one year to achieve our 'high rate of return, short term investment' goal." Identified
several potential shopping malls and new construction buildings in various cities in the Bay Area and Los Angeles by using a commercial real
estate company "Costar".
Met with Mayor Milpitas Jose Esteves to recognize a future project, an Asian-themed shopping center - Pacific Mall for potential
investment opportunity.
Contacted Los Angeles Local realtor and personally went over to inspect projects with investors.
Worked through property documents to understand current and future contact, risk scenarios, and properties' current management and
performance.
Explored reducing risk for our clients, providing honor reports revealing that there was no suitable investment opportunity within investors'
defined geographic target area.
Established a well functioning long-term relationship with clients to generate repeat business and obtain a top notch reputation.
Education
Master of Corporate Media
 
: 
2011
 
Marietta College
BS Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Accounting Marketing
 
, 
2010
 
Utah State University
 
Accounting Marketing
Skills
Adobe, AD, ads, Advertising, audio production, basic, budget planning, Chinese, com, Computer Knowledge, consulting, content, client, clients,Desktop Publishing, direction, editing, edit, English, Google Analytics, http, Illustrator, InDesign, inspect, layout, Leadership, Mac, Mandarin
Chinese, marketing analysis, market research, marketing strategies, marketing, Marketing Communication, meetings, MS Excel, MS Outlook, MS
PowerPoint, Windows 7, MS Word, networking, new construction, newsletters, page, Persuasion, positioning, posters, PR, Public Relations,
speaking, fast learner, radio, real estate, Research, strategy, surveys, television, websites