MEDIA SUPPORT SPECIALIST
Professional Summary
I've been working in the Technical Support field for the last 4+ years honing my professional skills as well as applying a personality that has lead
me to work directly with senior level clients.Â 
This has involved traveling across the country installing hardware/software; as well as training/supporting clients in a high stress environment in the
television broadcast/automotive industries.
I am not just looking for a specific position, but a company that promotes internal growth, rewards hard work, and is a place people are happy to
work at.
Skills
Active Directory, Automotive, computer hardware, hardware, client, clients, data management, DC, documentation, DNS, network cabling,
XML, features, file management, forms, FTP, Inspect, inventory, IP, Journalism, JSON, LAN, Law, notes, Managerial, meetings, Merchandising,
Excel, Microsoft Office programs, office, Outlook, Powerpoint, Word, migration, network support, network, networking, Proof reading, Public
Speaking, quality assurance, Recording, Research, sales, software developers, Strategy, supervision, System Administration, telephone, phone,
Troubleshoot, web server, WAN
Skills
Team liaison
Conflict resolution
Data management
Client Facing PersonalityÂ 
Network Setup
Hardware/Software Troubleshooting
HelpDesk Support
Client assessment and analysis
Emergency Support
Root Cause Analysis
Strong verbal communication
Self-motivated
Work History
Media Support Specialist
 
Company Name
 
02/2017
 
- 
05/2018
 
Daily Tasks Inspect, configure, and deploy new and upgraded personal computer equipment according to defined plans.
Travel to client locations across the country for training on products and installation of media hardware.
Respond to end-user calls and promptly apply proper operation of equipment and software.
Install, set up, repair, and replace network computer hardware/software.
Troubleshoot network solutions including, LAN/WAN connections, TCI/IP communications, DNS configurations.
Minor experience with Active Directory, System Administration.
Perform network cabling installation, testing & configurations using networking testing equipment and termination tools.
Collaborate with other computer and network support staff to solve complex computer and connectivity problems.
Maintain and enforce various forms of IT documentation, including software licensing, HW inventory and more.
Worked as a liaison between development team and sales to cater products to clients/end users.
Provided quality assurance on software and implemented changes based on user habits and feedback.
Documented and tracked analytics of software usage to create profiles on customers to better engage current/future clients.
Minor experience with formatting and creating web technologies such as JSON/XML.
Accomplishments Worked with client feedback and software developers to implement new features that became standard in all future
software releases.
Developed new methods of acquiring hardware to reduce costs by half.
Launched our products in some of the largest metro markets in the United States (NYC, DC, Philadelphia ect).
Migrated documentation from a previous administrations web server to our updated hosting service.
Redline Automotive Merchandising.
Technical Support Specialist
Daily Tasks Compose and develop routine detailed internet listings using web based software Maintaining accurate and detailed contact
records with clients Ability to establish priorities, work independently, and proceed with objectives without supervision Establishes
communications on a regular basis with company manager and/or staff and clients Answer telephone calls and emails, review all messages,
and return phone calls in a timely manner Manages inventory systems for clients data Training new employees on daily tasks, concepts and
the automotive industry Reviewing others work to meet company standards and to meet goals.
Go-to contact for large scale clients Acted as liaison between developers and clients Experience with FTP communication and functions.
Accomplishments Assisted with the migration of our previous data management system to a newly developed system.
Recruited and trained staffs that have since been promoted to Managerial/ Tier 2 positions.
Reshaped the training tools to accommodate the remote workforce.
Intern
 
Company Name
 
02/2013
 
- 
05/2013
 Daily Tasks Daily office tasks, including file management, labeling, setting appointments and meetings Active use of Microsoft Office
programs including Word/Excel/Powerpoint/Outlook Use of research skills pertaining to legislation, grant opportunities, best management
practices Recording of minutes/notes during various internal/external meetings Proof reading of various documents for inconsistencies and
errors Development of comprehensible summaries and reports Accomplishments Participation in the development of the DCNR's 2014
Outdoor Recreation Plan Published thesis on Motivating the Youth to Recreation Outdoors.
Education
BA
 
: 
Political Science
 
Indiana University of Pennsylvania
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
2013
 
- Honors: Graduated Cum Laude 2013 / Dean's list for the Fall 2012 / Spring 2013 semesters
- GPA: 3.39
- Coursework: International Law / Legislative Process / Journalism & Mass Media / American Foreign Policy / Research Methods in Political Sci /
State & Local Political System / Political Systems-Mil Strategy / Public Speaking / Judicial Process / Fund of Military Science / Comp Govt II:
Non-West Pol Systems
Thesis: Â Motivating the Youth to Recreate Outdoors
Accomplishments
Worked with client feedback and software developers to implement new features that became standard in all future software releases.
Developed new methods of acquiring hardware to reduce costs by 30%
Launched products in some of the largest metro markets in the United States (NYC, DC, Philadelphia ect).
Assisted with the migration of our previous data management system to a newly developed system.
Recruited and trained staffs that have since been promoted to Managerial/ Tier 2 positions.
Reshaped the training tools to accommodate a remote workforce.