P
AVIATION SUPPLY SPECIALIST
Summary
Ambitious student pursuing Computer Science degree eager to contribute developed knowledge in Delivery/supervisory role. Skilled in technical
and teamwork. Adaptable and driven with strong work ethic and ability to thrive in team-based or individually motivated settings.
Skills
Report creation
Freight operations
Adaptive team player
Dependable and reliable
Materials transport
Skilled forklift operator
Cargo handling
Defensive driver training
Report creation
Storage procedures
Reviewing records
Personnel mentoring
Reliable and trustworthy
Critical thinking
Data management
Team management
Friendly, positive attitude
Basic math
People skills
Microsoft Office
Team building
First Aid/CPR
Experience
Aviation Supply Specialist
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
Aug 2017
 
to 
May 2021
Tracked, documented and updated the stock system with precise attention to detail and recordkeeping requirements.
Coordinated materials delivery to units world-wide.
Validated and processed requisitions for new unit supplies.
Assisted with unit budgeting by entering accurate purchase orders and tracking exact expenses.
Operated forklift to elevate or place merchandise in appropriate areas.
Communicated effectively with members of public in often crowded and noisy environments.
Received orders via phone, mail, fax and internet daily.
Coordinated shipping and receiving schedules with production to assist in traffic control on docks.
Packed over 
[Number]
 
pounds of 
[Type]
 
products daily while keeping detailed records of productivity and identifying areas for
improvement.
Assisted coworkers with special projects to learn new tasks while gaining additional responsibilities.
Tracked inventory, conducted cycle counts and audits and resolved issues to maintain accurate records.
Monitored work areas for cleanliness and functionality and removed obstacles to promote safe work environment.
Received deliveries, scanned packages and updated orders in internal database to enable efficient order processing and fulfillment.
Replenished inventory with focus on addressing customer needs.
Prep Cook
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
Jan 2016
 
to 
Jun 2017
Adhered to all regulatory standards regarding safe and sanitary food prep.
Maintained consistent quality and high accuracy when preparing identical dishes every day.
Made all meals in accordance with company standards and requirements.
Executed proper techniques when preparing menu item ingredients.
Kept stations stocked and ready for use to maximize productivity.
Rotated stock items and ingredients to maintain efficiency and freshness.
Offered support to other stations during high-volume shifts to maintain optimal coverage and meet customer needs.
Maintained clean and orderly appearance throughout kitchen and dining area.
Dressed, seasoned and garnished appetizers and salads to prepare for food service.
Cooked food following specific measurements and recipes.
Grilled and deep fried various foods, including meats, potatoes and fish.
Verified proper food preparation by regulating temperature of ovens, broilers, grills and roasters.
Modified standard recipes to account for ingredient issues or customer requests, including allergen concerns.
Assisted with dining room tasks by removing soiled dishes during meal service and returning to kitchen for washing.
Offered support to other stations in high-volume shifts or as needed.
Organized and labeled stock of ingredients to maintain needed inventory levels.
Assisted with training and development of new talent.
Delivery Driver
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
Nov 2015
 
to 
Mar 2016
Operated and maintained heavy equipment safely, including forklifts, stair climbers and pallet jacks.
Operated manual and mechanical equipment safely to minimize injury and accident risks.Completed daily pre-trip inspection checklist before first delivery.
Directed efficient product loading and checked load balance to prevent on-the-road incidents.
Answered customer questions regarding shipments.
Conferred frequently with dispatch to meet delivery schedule targets and incorporate late adjustments.
Handled merchandise in accordance with product handling standards.
Operated delivery vehicles 
four
 
days per week, averaging 
100 plus
 
miles on road and 
over 100
 
customers served daily.
Delivered rush merchandise on tight schedules to meet customer targets.
Inspected and maintained gas, oil and water levels as well as tires, lights and brakes.
Satisfied recordkeeping demands with accurate invoicing, shipping paperwork coordination and daily logs outlining field activities.
Resolved customer complaints and adjusted orders.
Completed order forms and collected payments to keep customer accounts current.
Grouped and routed deliveries according to designated areas to maintain efficient delivery times.
Obtained signatures on all invoices and credits to stay on top of paperwork requirements.
Handled customer service complaints with utmost professionalism and knowledgeable responses to maintain trust and company loyalty.
Communicated frequently with dispatch to relay route changes and delays impacting customer delivery timetables.
Education and Training
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Aviation Management And Operations
 
Florida Institute Of Technology-Melbourne
 
City
 
, 
State
Dean's List Honoree 
semester one 2020
3.2 GPA
High School Diploma
 
Olympia High School
 
Jun 2017
 
City
 
, 
State
Technical Degree
 
: 
Hotel And Resort Management 
Orange Technical College
 
May 2016
 
City
 
, 
State
Some College (No Degree)
 
: 
Sports And Marketing Mangement
 
Orange Technical College
 
City
 
, 
State
3.85 GPA
Some College (No Degree)
 
.
Accomplishments
Consistently maintained high customer satisfaction ratings.
Certificate of accommodation (USMC) and
Navy
 
and Marine Corps Achievement Medal