CONSULTANT
Qualifications
I am a senior IT infrastructure specialist and have 7 years of OEM administration and 6 years of DBA administration. I have Masters in
Computer Applications (MCA) and a seasoned technical specialist providing business infrastructure solutions, services and support,
according to defined processes. With an overall experience spanning 12 years and having worked for Oracle for a period of 11 years, I
have a tremendous track record in IT support area for multiple products and applications with a great level of consistency and excellence.
My expertise includes,
His expertise includes,
Project Management
Oracle Enterprise Manager
Implementation Specialist *WebLogic Server Administration
Incident Management
Database administration *Oracle Cloud operations
People Management
ITIL Service Management
Operations Management
Change Management *AWS
Process capability
Technical support for 24X7 systems
Technical Skills
Skills
Experience
Total Years
Last Used
Operating System : Linux, HP-Unix, Solaris, Windows
9
12
2016
Work Experience
July 2016
Company Name
 
Consultant
Collaborate with Clients, customers to ensure successful implementations which includes.
Implement OEM 12c setup, Apply BP, Plugins, performance monitoring, notification set up.
Install/upgrade/patch Oracle Database, performance tuning.
Install/upgrade/patch Oracle WebLogic servers, deploy applications.
December 2014
to
June 2016
Company Name
 
City
 
Manager
Managed a team for Enterprise manager cloud control(Cloudem12c) for Oracle Public Cloud that supports and facilitates end to end
monitoring solutions for Oracle cloud services.
Manage a global team for Cloudem administration (OEM 11g,12c) Create plans, work with team to execute the project plan in building
new EM sites for Cloudem customers and administer them.
Recruit, work with new team members to bring them on board in quick time Writing technical documents to help team members in executing
new projects Provide technical guidance throughout the project life cycle Process development in a continual manner and provide trouble
shooting assistance.
February 2005
to
November 2014
Principal systems Consultant
Part of Oracle Public Cloud's Monitoring Solution team - CloudEM Operation's team.
Monitoring included 20000 Database + double the number of Fusion Middleware targets + ZFS targets and making Enterprise Manager
the source of truth for any monitoring and inventory storage solution in Oracle Public Cloud.
The CLOUDEM Operations team supports multiple EM sites across all of the oracle fleet.
This is an ever growing portfolio as Oracle is constantly adding new data centers.
When a new site is added it is the job of our team to build out the new EM environments.
Operations team provides the physically installed servers both exadata and exalogic and we go on to build out the Enterprise Manager site.
This includes building grid and database, installing OMS & agents, configuring EM for SSL and SSO and working to set up TAS and SDI
provisioning services.
Each of our sites monitor SAAS (Software as a Service) and/or PAAS (Platform as a Service) environments.
Projects varying from building new environments in different data centers, building disaster recovery environments, Oracle management
server upgrades (new Releases), database upgrades applying critical bundle patches and updates, ensuring high availability for the customers
Installation of Oracle software/databases Upgrade grid, database from 10g to 11203/11204 & 11g to 12c Apply database PSU patches,
and one off patches to the environment for every possible database bugs Responsible for Tuning the Oracle Applications Database that run
on the UNIX server to achieve optimal performance.Proficient Knowledge of RAC, Configuration Implemented building 20 different OEM sites in various Oracle Cloud Data Centers Deploy
OMS, Upgrade OMS plugins, Applying BP on top of OMS infrastructure Implement backup and recovery procedures using RMAN for
Oracle databases and test regularly in conjunction with Operations.
Administer/upgrade/patch Oracle WebLogic servers.
April 2004
to
February 2005
Company Name
 
Associate Consultant
Installation of Oracle software on Linux boxes Creating tablespaces and database files based on the OFA model.
Managing database security and creating and assigning appropriate roles and privileges as required by the application Administration of
Oracle 10g Application Server.
Performance tuning of using Explain Plan, SQL Trace, TKPROF, RDA, and STATSPACK.
Applying Patches for backend Changes Monitoring Backup Schedules.
Provided 24x7 on call production support Database Reorganizations to reduce fragmentations.
Monitoring alert logs, trace files to check Database health and corruption.
Education and Training
MCA, Madurai Kamaraj University University of Madras - RKM Vivekananda College
 
TRAININGS AND CERTIFICTAIONS Six Sigma
Green Belt - certified ITIL V3 Foundation certified Oracle DBA 10g/11g Admin Workshop I and II (OCP) Oracle WebLogic Server/Application
Server 11g Administration Oracle 10g/11g RAC DBA Training Exadata and Database Machine Administration Workshop PMP - Project
Management Professional Training Pursuing AWS Solution Architect - Associate certification 
: 
BSc Math
 
BSc Math
Skills
Architect, Backup, c, Change Management, Strong interpersonal skills, excellent communication, Computer Applications, Clients, Database
Administration, DBA, databases, Database, disaster recovery, inventory, IT support, ITIL, Linux, People Management, Managing, Excel, MS
Project, Windows, Middleware, Enterprise, Operating System, Operations Management, Oracle Applications, Oracle Application 
server, Oracle
Enterprise Manager, Oracle, Oracle DBA, Oracle Database, organizational skills, People skills, Excellent presentation skills, Primavera, Process
development, processes, Project Management, Quick, servers, Six Sigma, Solaris, SQL, SSL, Technical support, trouble shooting,
troubleshooting, HP-Unix, UNIX, upgrades, Upgrade, Visio, WebLogic, Win runner