CONSULTANT
Education and Training
2016
MPH, George Washington University Bangladesh Medical College, University of Dhaka
 
City
 
MBBS
2003
Community Medicine, Microbiology, Pathology, Internal Medicine & Psychiatry
Skill Highlights
Microsoft Word, Excel, and Power Point
Professional Experience
October 2015
to
November 2015
Company Name
 
Consultant
Identified Growth Monitoring and Promotion (GMP) program implementation deficits and suggested 
recommendations for improvement
Reviewed available project documentation to locate potential program gaps Conducted multiple field visits to four districts in southwest to
observe and provide technical input to ongoing child nutrition activities with specific focus on GMP sessions Located gaps in program
participation, and data reporting and monitoring Presented research findings at multiple points in time to relevant stakeholders and program
officials.
January 2002
to
May 2003
Company Name
Helped organize an initiative to prevent arsenicosis in Jalla, district of Brahminbaria.
Dr.
Rahman helped create public awareness of arsenic poisoning, encouraged people to drink arsenic free water to prevent arsenicosis, and
helped organize an arsenic-free water delivery system to meet the community needs in collaboration with community stakeholders.
Helped provide poor residents of Jalla free medical resources.
Dr.
Rahman gathered and distributed medical supplies, and provided physical examinations and consultations in collaboration with another
physician.
Public Health Campaign Volunteer, September 1998- May 2003 UNICEF & WHO in Bangladesh Participated in a campaign for creating
awareness of ante-natal check-up and educating mothers to be about the importance of breastfeeding after child birth in rural Dhaka.
Dr.
Rahman conducted physical examinations, provided treatment and follow-up services, and disseminated information.
Worked for the Expanded Program on Immunization (EPI), a program aimed at reducing mortality and morbidity from preventable diseases
through vaccinations in many rural areas of Bangladesh.
Dr.
Rahman volunteered for five years during her medical studies and administered DPT, MMR, & BCG vaccinations, while speaking to
residents and creating awareness.
June 1996
to
September 2003
Company Name
Actively participated in community teaching programs about Eclampsia in rural Bangladesh.
Eclampsia is a common problem due to lack of health awareness, health education, poverty, and superstitious beliefs.
As a result of this campaign, Eclampsia was significantly reduced throughout Bangladesh.
Dr.
Rahman helped educate women about maternal health, provided treatment and follow-up services, and disseminated information.
Worked for a campaign on the use of ORS (Oral Rehydration Solution) to reduce the death rate due to diarrhea followed by severe
dehydration in rural Bangladesh.
This campaign resulted in a reduction in the child mortality rate due to diarrhea and severe dehydration significantly.
Dr.
Rahman helped create awareness among the local communities through community engagement, provided educational resources, and helped
distribute ORS kits.
Red Crescent Society of Bangladesh Worked on multiple blood donation campaigns in Dhaka.
Dr.
Rahman helped collect blood that was donated, gathered and documented medical history of donors, and provided medical information as
requested.
Physician (Family Medicine), with Dr.
Shahina Motalib, Dhaka, Bangladesh, September 2003- May 2005 Dr.
Rahman treated patients, provided physical examinations, consultations, and follow-up services.Accomplishments
Consulted for a World Bank-JSDF agriculture and nutrition project in Uganda Participated in public health programs organized by Red
Crescent Society, UNICEF, WHO, and BMC Organized and conducted community intervention initiatives Worked with a physician for
more than two years in the US Practiced for more than two years as physician in Bangladesh.
Professional Affiliations
American Medical Association, Member (AMA) Registered Physician of Bangladesh Medical and Dental Council (BMDC)
Languages
Bengali(Native), English (Spoken, Written, Read), Hindi (Spoken), Urdu (Spoken)
Skills
Anatomy, Biochemistry, Oral, delivery, Dermatology, documentation, English, Family Medicine, focus, Genetics, GMP, health education, Hindi,
Immunization, Immunology, Internal Medicine, Internal-Medicine, Excel, Power Point, Microsoft Word, Molecular Biology, OB/GYN,
Ophthalmology, Pathology, Pediatrics, Pharmacology, Physiology, program implementation, Promotion, Psychiatry, Public Health, speaking,
Read, reporting, research, SPSS, Surgery, teaching, Urdu, Written