CONSULTANT
Summary
Position in Accounting/Regulatory or banking operations
Highlights
Microsoft Office, Lotus Notes, QuickBooks, ACBS, BCS, OTG, AP, RECON+, FMS (G/L System), REVAL (evaluation of 
hedged funding)
and Bloomberg.
Accomplishments
I was awarded Certificate of Recognition for the year 1998 that helped in lifting of the agreement with Federal Reserve Bank of New York. I was
also awarded Certificate of Appreciation for the year 1999.
Experience
Consultant
 
01/2013
 
to 
09/2016
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Working as consultant and engaged with Transworld Inc, a insurance brokerage and accounting services company.
Preparation of tax returns for customers, handling their audit matters with Internal Revenue Services and NYS tax authorities.
Preparation of sales tax monthly, quarterly and yearly tax returns for clients.
Preparation of accounts, reports and financial statements for their clients.
Provide all accounting services to their customers.
Senior Accountant/Accounting Officer
 
01/2000
 
to 
01/2013
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
The New York Branch of Bank Hapoalim represents the banking andÂ 
Reviewed Bank's General Ledger and pass necessary entries to correct the G/L.
The main purpose to review the G/L to make ensure bank's books is accurate and reconciled with sub-system.
I was responsible to process month end, quarterly and yearly closing.
Post Journal entries to general ledger system.
Prepared month end accruals and closing/adjusting entries.
Processed and prepared sales and use tax return and commercial rent tax.
Responsible for the preparation of call report.
Process and responsible for tax payment to IRS for tax form 1042, tax form 945(1099) and prepared annual returns for both tax forms.
Assist in special project as directed by the Controller and CFO.
Supervise the bank reconciliation and accounts payable process.
Supervise and ensure accuracy in the prepaid and Fixed Assets records and comply with the Fixed Assets policy.
Balance Sheet reconciliation and Custody reconciliation.
Ensure general ledger booking is in the line with bank accounting policy and principles (GAAP) standards and abides by with regulatory
laws.
Obtain securities prices and prepare monthly FAS115 valuation worksheets and accounting entries.
Performed accounting and prepare monthly reports for two of the Bank's subsidiaries using QuickBooks.
Responsible for preparation of Amortization of Premium and Discount reconciliation for Callable CDs Prepared aging analysis of suspense
items report and various financial reports for senior management.
Responsible for Assets Swaps accounting, Government bonds/securities, securities available for sale, trading and Non-Trading securities.
Prepared written accounting policies and procedures.
Responsible for maintenance of Chart of Accounts /adding and modifying.
And open new G/L account.
Processed payments/expenditure for vendors, employee expenses, contractors, state and federal government taxes payments.
01/1988
 
to 
01/2000
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
I was responsible for preparation of regulatory reports, i.e.
 FR 2900, FR2951, BL 1, BC, BQ, BL (SA), BC (SA), and FFIEC 002 (Call
Report by using DPSC Software, Inc.
 
Package).
I was responsible for preparation of monthly financial statements, and various financial reports for Head Office.
Also responsible for statistical reports, and quarterly reports to Department of Commerce.
Prepared and responsible for month end closing.
Prepared and developed the Compliance procedure and Compliance Manual, detail task checklist use to comply the BSA, FRB
Regulations, and US Sanctions in order to satisfy the compliance requirements of the Branch.
Evaluation of existing accounting procedures and implemented changes in order to simplify the accounting procedures.
Prepared and presented monthly variance analysis reports to Senior Management.
Prepared monthly, quarterly written report regarding the BSA, OFAC, US Sanctions and FRB regulation compliance.
Preparation of sales tax and commercial rent tax.
Handling NYS Banking and FRB examiners.
Education
B.S
 
: 
Accounting
 
1994
 
YORK COLLEGE CITY UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK
 
Accounting and 124 credits completed. 
Major subjects are
Advance Accounting, Auditing, Business Finance, Business Law and Taxation.
B.S
 
: 
Accounting
 
1979
 
UNIVERSIT OF SIND HYDERABAD PAKISTAN
 
Accounting Major subjects are Accounting, Auditing, BusinessLaw and statistic.
M.A
 
: 
Economics Economics, Statistics and Business Finance
 
1983
 
UNIVERSIT OF SIND HYDERABAD PAKISTAN
 
Economics
Economics, Statistics and Business Finance
Work History
Company Name
Skills
Accounting, accounts payable, accruals, AP, Auditing, Balance Sheet, bank reconciliation, banking, BC, Bloomberg, bonds, Business Law,
closing, consultant, Controller, clients, Senior Management, Finance, financial reports, financial statements, Fixed Assets, focus, forms, General
Ledger, Government, insurance, Lotus Notes, Microsoft Office, Office, month end closing, policies, QuickBooks, retail, sales, securities, Swaps,
tax, taxes, tax returns, valuation, monthly variance analysis, written