COORDINATING MANAGER
Summary
Administrative Operations: Special events, meeting, and travel logistics; correspondence, file, records, and database management; project
administration and executive-level management 
*Sales Support: Client service, accounts management, problem trouble-shooting and resolution;
contract administration, order review, and shipping management; sales tracking and reporting *Communications: Business writer, proofreader, and
editor; knowledgeable 
in medical terminology, policies and standards such as HIPAA 
*Financial/Budget Administration: Budget oversight, invoice
verification, requisitions, expense tracking; purchasing, supply, and inventory management.
Skills
MS Windows, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook and MAC, Lexis Nexis, Soarian and MediNotes EMR
Experience
Coordinating Manager
 
09/2013
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Manage annual updates of procurement policies, standards procedures and guidelines to reflect changes in the operations including
regulations, risks and best practices.
Provide Executive level support to the Executive Director and Deputy Executive Director.
Liaise between all departments and residents to ensure proper communication and reporting practices with complaints.
Manage contracts between the facility and the dialysis centers.
Assist with managing the Quality Assurance / Risk Management Department with Board Reports and quarterly Performance Improvement
reports.
Manage the Department of Health (DOH) and Joint Commission (JCAHO) annual survey files as well as the upload for the Plan of
Corrections (POC) to the Health Commerce System (HCS).
Oversee Corporate Compliance updates for each department and ensure annual staff training.
Provide technical/administrative support to department heads regarding the data management system.
Serve as head Requisitioner for various departments and provide technical support to staff coordinators for Procurement Suites System.
Serve as a member of the Culture Change Committee.
Create and manage excel data base for Risk Management incidents and fall analysis.
Manage and process agency staff invoices for the Pharmacy and Rehabilitation department.
Assist with managing Human Resource in annual evaluation audits.
Executive Assistant
 
09/2010
 
to 
06/2011
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Provided administrative services to the Executive Director.
Managed all calendar events; schedule all meetings, made travel arrangements and prepared all itineraries.
Acted as a go-between all departments to ensure proper communication and reporting practice.
Maintained and updated all Polices and Procedure documents for various departments.
Conserved general filing system and filed all correspondence.
Program Associate
 
12/2005
 
to 
07/2009
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Housing and Community Development.
Managed, at grantee level, the Housing & Urban Development (HUD) comprehensive housing counseling program, including the annual
grant proposal, affiliate contractual process, data collection and entry.
Reviewed grant applications and conducted conference calls with potential sub-grantees.
Analyzed budgets for sub-grantees and communicated results to program directors and CEOs.
Provided technical support to 35 Program Directors in data collection system & program assistance.
Developed standardized work procedures to improve work flow, including E file and database.
Wrote and prepared annual, quarterly, and special reports and contributed to the department in preparation of request for proposal and
other correspondence.
Supervised administrative staff in achieving departmental goals and ensured staff compliance with deadlines.
Scheduled and organized internal and external meetings, conferences, luncheons and events.
Updated and maintained calendar; acted as "right arm" and "gatekeeper" to Senior VP of Housing.
Processed monthly expense reports utilizing spreadsheets.
Heavy calendar management; meeting and conference call coordination and all logistics pertaining to the meetings and conference calls;
travel arrangements (domestic and international) and all other travel logistics such as air, ground, and lodging.
Completed on-boarding process for all new hires; entered requisitions and help-desk tickets for systems access requests.
Developed progress tracking tools to assist in affiliate evolvement gain-loss analysis for funding.
Established and maintained files in-house and offsite adhering to all records retention policy and procedures.
Conducted field audits to ensure compliance with federal grant requirements.
Sales Executive
 
03/1997
 
to 
12/2005
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Maintained relationships with existing customers through regular review visits.
Visited potential customers to demonstrate products and gain new markets.
Contacted clients by phone to negotiate terms of an agreement and conclude sales gathering.
Negotiated variations in price, delivery and specifications with buyers.
Researched, analyzed and reported future buying trends back to employer.Handled all travel arrangements including domestic and international, hotel accommodations and car services for trade shows.
Education and Training
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Communications
 
2004
 
The College Of New Rochelle
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Communications
8/08-11/08 
Dale Carnegie Course - Public Speaking, Effective Communication and Human Relation
 
May 2004
Activities and Honors
NYS Notary Public, American Heart Association, Basic Life Support, 
PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIPS: Urban League Young Professionals
Skills
administrative, administrative support, agency, budgets, conferences, contracts, counseling, clients, data collection, data management, data base,
database, delivery, Department of Health, DOH, dialysis, staff training, expense reports, filing, grant applications, grant proposal, graphs, help-
desk, Human Resource, Lexis Nexis, logistics, MAC, Director, managing, meetings, access, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, MS Windows, Word,
policies, presentations, Procurement, progress, proposal, Public Speaking, Quality Assurance, Rehabilitation, reporting, Risk Management, sales,
spreadsheets, technical support, phone, trade shows, travel arrangements