SENIOR CONSTRUCTION MANAGER
Summary
Construction Manager / On - Site Project Manager
 Â 
Project Manager versed in all aspects of project and personnel management. Results-oriented and high-energy professional with a talent for
leading by example and inspiring peak performance.
History in turning "problemed" subdivisions into profitable projects through delivery of cost savings solutions and alternative scheduling techniques
that allowed for more even flow of construction.
Decisive, results oriented building professional offering 18+ years of experience in the construction industry with the last 10 years focused on
project management. Offering a range of talents in scheduling/ expediting, customer service, sales, purchasing, estimating, land development,
construction techniques and safety. Driven by new challenges and desire to be successful in all endeavors. Excel in fast paced settings that require
multi tasking to complete complex tasks.
Summary of Qualifications
Concrete estimation
Permit processing
Baseline schedules creation
Site safety coordinator
Safe job site set-up
Building codes and regulations
Blueprint fluency
Power and hand tool operation
Residential construction specialist
Multi Family construction specialist
MS Office proficient
Organized and detail-oriented
Project budgeting
Cost control
Budgeting and forecasting
Customer relations specialist
Process improvement
Multi-unit operations management
Risk management
Vendor sourcing
Quality assurance and control
Certified Purchasing Manager (CPM)
Purchasing and procurement
Unsurpassed work ethic
Results-oriented
Cost reduction and containment
Contract management
Microsoft Office Suite expert
Productivity improvement
Work flow planning
Accomplishments
2000 - 2008 Centex Homes
* Mansfield Farms - Suffolk Virginia - 150 Home Subdivision
* Mallory Square - Chesapeake Virginia - 
25 Home Subdivision
* Braddock Landing - Chesapeake Virginia - 55 Home Subdivision
* Orchards at Glenwood - Virginia Beach - 61 Home Subdivision
* Courthouse Springs - Gloucester Virginia - 32 Home Subdivision
* Courthouse Square - Gloucester Virginia - 86 Home Subdivision
* Eagle Lake - Chesapeake Virginia - 99 Home Subdivision
2008 - 2011 Eagle Construction 
www.eagleofva.com
* Eagle Pointe - Chesapeake Virginia - 170 Homes Subdivision
2011 - 2015 Breeden Construction LLC 
www.thebreedencompany.com/
* Cambria at Cornerstone Phase 1 - 276 Unit 
Luxury Apartment Community
* Cambria at Cornerstone Phase 2 - 180 Unit 
Luxury Apartment Community* Red Knot at Edinburgh - 438 Unit Luxury Apartment Community
* Aqua at 25th Street - 147 Unit Luxury Apartment Community (Current Project)
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Senior Construction Manager
 
12/2011
 
to 
07/2015
Hired to oversee construction of an Award Winning Luxury Apartment Community in the Town Center area of Virginia Beach.
Managed site from the clearing stages of Land Development through completion of the project in early 2013.
The site consisted of 24 buildings (480 units), 2 fitness centers, a clubhouse, 2 pools and several ground breaking amenities.
Currently working on third project in four years with Breeden Construction LLC
Carefully coordinated plans and specs using marketing programming standards.
Facilitated processing of RFI's, submittals and samples among the general contractor, the owner and the owner's consultants.
Educated general contractor personnel on the quality standards throughout the construction process.
Trained the community service manager on turnover procedures, quality standards and project-specific systems orientation.
Submitted all project closeout documents in accordance with the contract.
Monitored the safety of all construction activities, making on-site personnel safety the top priority.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Senior Construction Manager
 
01/2008
 
to 
12/2011
Managed 
construction of an active adult community in Chesapeake Virginia.
Responsible for managing 4 superintendents while development was under construction.
Reviewed time lines and project schedules and adjusted based on production.
Responsible for construction budgets, change orders, payroll and subcontractor fund allocations.
Contract review and negotiations with subcontractors.
Site / Land Development management during golf course alteration for new home construction.
Drafted action plans and led meetings with department executives to review project status and proposed changes.
Delivered status reports to stakeholders for budgeting and planning purposes.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to draft project schedules and plans.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Senior Project Manager
 
04/2000
 
to 
01/2008
Recruited to company by Division President for the purpose of turning around projects that were behind schedule and over budget.
Personally revamped schedules to make up for production failures and created an even flow system that allowed for more streamlined
construction procedures.
Managed multiple construction projects in Hampton Roads from Land Development to community completion.
Homes were move in ready on average two weeks prior to closing and were always at or under budget.
Served as the single point of contact for project scheduling and changes.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Construction / Warranty Manager
 
01/1998
 
to 
01/2000
Oversee construction of a multi-million dollar custom home subdivision in Virginia Beach.
Responsibilities included: Scheduling contractors, budget management, quality control, purchase orders, customer service and payment to
tradesmen after completion of work.
Education
BA
 
:
 
Business Administration
 
1998
 
Old Dominion University
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
Business Administration
High School Diploma
 
1993
 
First Colonial High School
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
Honors Graduate
Certifications
CFC Certification
Certified Lead Renovator
Storm Water Pollution Prevention
IICRC Certification
HVAC 1 & 2 ( AES NORFOLK)
CPR & First Aid RLD Certification
OSHA 30
Awards and Recognition
Manage construction of 2 showcase home in Homearama for Dragas Homes, 2000.
Participated in the construction of Two Habitat for Humanity homes in Portsmouth, Virginia with Centex Homes, 2005.J.D Power and Associates award winner for customer service, new home construction 2006.
Assist Sales and Marketing departments capture sales to be #1 in the Nation two consecutive years in the Hampton Roads Division of
Centex Homes 2006 &2007.
Successfully managed the construction of over 500 homes while never missing a projected closing date and finishing homes at or under
budget.
Technical Expertise
Construction Project Management
Project Planning and Execution
Purchasing and Estimating
Blueprint Revisions
Budget Management
Materials Management
Trade Partner, Subcontractor and Customer Relations
Microsoft Office
Microsoft Project
AutoCAD
SAP Construction Management Software