SALES REPRESENTATIVE
Professional Summary
Hardworking Server who thrives under pressure and goes above and beyond to create unforgettable guest experiences. 1 year experience serving
up to 100 dinner guests at an upscale Kickback Jacks restaurant. Customer- oriented server with excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
Food and beverage expert. Recently licensed in preparation and sale of alcoholic beverages, bar procedures and liquor laws. Focused server,
successful at multi- tasking and delivering prompt and friendly service to all customers. Maintains a positive attitude and a great sense of humor
during peak hours. Server who brings a strong work ethic, interpersonal skills and customer service expertise. Fluent in English only.
Experience
Sales Representative
 
0-1/2017
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Cold-called prospective customers to build relationship. 
Greeted store
customers promptly and responded to questions with knowledgeable service.Â 
 Completed documentation for product and service sales. 
Filled
out expense reports for accounting. 
Maintained productive relationships with existing customers through exceptional follow-up after sales.
Generated high volume of referrals. 
Updated database with customer and sales information. 
Kept showroom professional and neat at all times.
Delivered products to customers in timely manner. 
Established new customer accounts. 
Informed management of special sales and service issues.
Evaluated competitors and performed market research. 
Achieved at least $5,000Â monthly sales gross profit.
Server
 
12/2015
 
to 
05/2016
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Consistently provided professional, friendly and engaging service.
Skillfully promoted items on beverage lists and restaurant specials.
Followed all safety and sanitation policies when handling food and beverage to uphold proper health 
standards.
Displayed enthusiasm and knowledge about the restaurant's menu and products.
Routinely supported other areas of the restaurant as requested, including answering telephones and 
completing financial transactions for
other staff.
Set dining tables according to type of event and service standards.
Addressed diner complaints with kitchen staff and served replacement menu items promptly.
Quickly recorded transactions in MICROS system to deliver prompt service.
Routinely cleaned work areas, glassware and silverware throughout each shift.
Immediately reported accidents, injuries or unsafe work conditions to manager.
Developed and maintained positive working relationships with others to reach business goals.
Demonstrated genuine hospitality while greeting and establishing rapport with guests.
Guided guests through menus while demonstrating thorough knowledge of the food, beverages and 
ingredients.
Provided friendly and attentive service.
Hostess
 
08/2015
 
to 
12/2015
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Consistently provided professional, friendly and engaging service.
Skillfully promoted items on beverage lists and restaurant specials.
Followed all safety and sanitation policies when handling food and beverage to uphold proper health 
standards.
Assigned patrons to tables suitable for their needs and according to rotation.
Assisted diners with obtaining food from buffet/serving table as needed.
Assisted in maintaining preparation and service areas in a sanitary condition 
Cleaned and organized eating, service, and kitchen areas
Cleaned and sterilized equipment and facilities 
Cleaned garbage cans with water or steam 
Responsible for the design and preparation of all
menu items for private home/office setting.
Cashier / Drive Thru Operator
 
08/2014
 
to 
01/2015
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Maintained high standards of customer service during high-volume, fast-paced operations.
Consistently provided friendly guest service and heartfelt hospitality.
Promptly and empathetically handled guest concerns and complaints.
Demonstrated integrity and honesty while interacting with guests, team members and managers.
Operated the drive-through window and sales register quickly and efficiently.
Greeted customers and provided excellent customer service.
Pleasantly and courteously interacted with customers.
Built loyal clientele through friendly interactions and consistent appreciation.
Prepared fountain drinks and ice cream items.
Prepared all food orders within a 2-3 minute time frame.
Assembled food orders while maintaining appropriate portion control.
Verified that prepared food met all standards for quality and quantity.
Prepared a variety of foods according to customers' orders or supervisors' instructions, following approved 
procedures.
Education
N/A, Current Varina High School - 7053 Messer Rd, Henrico, VA 23231
Skills
Cash handling, clientele, excellent customer service, customer service, fast, financial, frame, honest, Meal preparation, MICROS, office, window,
policies, problem solver, quality, Quick, rapport, safety, sales, tables, team player, telephones, type, trustworthy.
Sales Software: Salesforce.com, TapScanPublic Relations Software: Bacon's Mediasource, Factiva
Desktop Publishing Software: Photoshop, Illustrator, HTML