ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN/ FIELD SERVICE
Professional Summary
Results-driven and focused Engineering Technician who prioritizes safety, cost-effective solutions and exceeding customer expectations. With my
background in both Field Service and as an Engineering Technician. I was able to effectively reduce test and production time through gaining a true
understanding for the process without sacrificing quality.
Long term goals , become an intuitive I/E Technician in the pulp and paper industry, teach others with the potential to take on a leadership role
within my first 5 years
Skills
Operational analysis
Exceptional time management
Geometric dimensioning
Strong leader
Manufacturing process controls
Detail-oriented
Analog and digital circuitry
Detail drawings
Comfortable working at heights and odd
locations 
Technical plan execution aptitude
Detail-oriented understanding that any downtime must be minimized if not avoidable 
Understand overtime and on-call basis may be required
Rigging 
Soldering, Drilling- Tapping
Measurement and layout
Test and measurement equipment
Equipment calibration
Tenacity , willingness to go to whatever length it takes to solve a problem or improve
a process
Work History
Engineering Technician/ Field Service
 
May 1994
 
- 
May 2000
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Developed and built, complex RF systems for broadcasters worldwide.
Tested at the component level and built the systems
Worked closely with the staff engineers and engineering department as well as customers to be certain the end users needs were met.
I was also responsible for equipment maintenance and calibrations being kept up to date.
I was also responsible for the low voltage control wiring for protection circuitry and system operations both as components and at a system
level.
Field service engineering, install and provide proof of performance to the end user and transmitter manufacturer, Some of my field work was
on an emergent basis due to equipment failure or improper operation.
Sales to the broadcaster.
Also provided feedback to our engineering department for proper record keeping.
Limited machine shop work in model making for R&D projects.
Interfaced with other suppliers and the respective engineering departments to ensure proper operation.
Implemented schematics, diagrams and written and verbal descriptions to effectively solve engineering project issues.
Completed projects by effectively applying engineering, technical and maintenance procedures.
Used precision test equipment such as oscilloscopes, multi-meters, waveform generators and spectrum analyzers 
Collaborated with engineers at the new product introduction phase to develop and verify design changes.
Initiated contact with vendors and built solid working relationships with them.
Followed up on manufacturing and field reports and resolved outstanding problems.
Compiled, processed and analyzed test data and results to improve product quality.
Engineering technician 
Jun 1988
 
- 
Jun 1994
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Research and Development of components for the broadcasters, Developed new product line for MCI.
Field service engineering, Wiring of microprocessor controlled RF systems and system assembly and tests, modeling and design of some
components working with the engineers and drafting department.
Responsible for installation and proof of performance test, as well as repair of products at the customer's site.
Feed back provided to the engineering departments well as training for the end user, Made sure the manuals were up to date and accurate,
some sales of new products and often times working with the engineers within other companies to resolve engineering issues as they arose in
the field.
Responsible for maintaining the calibration of test equipment.
Major accomplishments
Improved product quality by customizing tools and eliminating variability.
Followed up on manufacturing and field reports and resolved outstanding problems.
Conducted engineering and detailed experimental tests to collect design data and assist in research work.
Technician
 
Jun 1985
 
- 
May 1988
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Production test of Antenna for the FM broadcasters as well as pattern test.
SPS 49 Radar component test, to including pattern test of the reflector and waveguide components.
Accomplishments Reduced test time and increased production of the SPS-49 reflector from 2 days to less than one without sacrificing
quality.Interfaced with the Ratheon Representative to demonstrate test results as well as test methodology.
Skills used a thorough understanding of RF Propagation and cause and effect of structures on radiation patterns.
Implemented schematics, diagrams and written and verbal descriptions to effectively solve engineering project issues.
Used precision test equipment such as oscilloscopes, multi-meters, waveform generators and spectrum analyzers.
Collaborated with engineers at the new product introduction phase to develop and verify design changes.
Improved product quality by customizing tools and eliminating variability.
Operations Specialist
 
Jun 1980
 
- 
Mar 1982
 
Company Name
 
State
 
USS Belknap CG-26 Air Intercept Control, Anti submarine warfare operator.
Skills Used.
preventive maintenance, operate radar and communications equipment, Naval Tactical Data Systems operator.
Education
Associate of Applied Science
 
: 
Current
 
Central Maine Community College
 
Continuing coursework in Math, History and finishing the ELT program.
Member of National Vocational Technical Honor Society
Phi-Theta-Kappa
Certifications
State of Maine Electricians Helpers license #HPE20038535
Skills
assembly, broadcast, calibration, concept, drafting, engineer, Radar, modeling, Naval, Network, Oscilloscopes, quality, record keeping, Research,
sales, FM, SPS, Test Equipment, UHF, Wiring
Additional Information
Additional Information
Skilled at electronics and repair, also skilled at working with customers, I am a very people oriented person. I try to be certain the
customer's needs are met to the highest standards. Professional attitude and open mind to learning new concepts and ideas as well as new
products. Control wiring and protection circuitry, Customer service skills. Served as an interface between engineering and production
departments. 
Other basic skills: wiring, drilling and tapping, soldering, layout and installation of new equipment, wiring of motor controls. I
am able to think on my feet, under pressure and deadlines, while keeping multiple projects going. The ability to follow thru and work under
pressure has given me the ability to meet emergent needs. Handling critical situations has always been my specialty. The ability to learn and
absorb new information has been continually proven through past work experience and current education. Proven leader. Keeping up with
current standards and methods thru on going school and keeping up with industry thru current publications. Just finished Geometry and
Trigonometry as well as collage English. I am currently enrolled and nearly finished with Process measurement, Industrial controls along with
Industrial robotics and Electronic devices (amplifier circuitry). I am willing to relocate as needed. The Veteran's Administration is backing
both my education and return to the workforce. I can and will be a great asset to any company you may place me with. Long term goals,
teach and manage others and to find my place within industry.