MARKETING COORDINATOR
Skills
advertisements, approach, content, Customer Service, databases, direct mail, direction, editing, email, graphic, managing, marketing strategies,
marketing, marketing collateral, materials, newsletter, online marketing, press releases, production manager, Research, sales, script, stories, video,
website, articles
Experience
01/2016
 
to 
Current
Marketing Coordinator
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Campaigns.
Created the hashtag #CPRstrong used on social media to promote awareness of HealthStream's 3 millionth HeartCode BLS completion.
Designed script and production direction for Talent Management's video, Accelerate Development.
Formed copy for direct mail pieces and email campaigns for HealthStream's first account-based marketing campaign.
Proficient at developing and delivering external communications, promoting awareness to customers about new products and upcoming
events.
Increase product visibility to new and existing markets by authoring copy and providing design direction for digital marketing strategies.
Manage the creation of print and online marketing and sales collateral, overseeing the approval process and ensuring content meets brand
standards.
Generated a record high of 340+ registrants for a 15-minute product demo by modifying tone of voice and visuals used in online
advertisements.
Efficient with Pardot and Salesforce for managing account databases.
Oversee website updates by editing and ensuring clarity and visual appeal.
Collaborate with production manager, graphic designers, and vendors to ensure deadlines are met.
Oversaw rebranding process for Franklin Covey, a new HealthStream partner, by ensuring materials met company standards and checking
for grammar and visual appeal.
01/2014
 
to 
01/2016
Customer Support Specialist
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Consistently ranked in the top five for case closures).
Received recognition in the Customer Service Spotlight.
Helped develop a best practice document used by over 4 million subscribers.
Provided solutions and step-by-step support to healthcare administrators, educators, and clinical staff.
01/2013
Public Relations and Marketing Intern
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Interviewed hospital professionals for feature stories and press releases.
Prepared marketing collateral promoting hospital events.
Updated bulletin boards.
Assisted with various community events, including the children's health and wellness fair, monthly blood drives, t-shirt drives, and Christmas
activities for the hospital.
Tour guide of the medical campus for new hospital donors.
Designed, selected topics, and wrote monthly employee newsletter.
Researched and collected media clippings for analytical and historical purposes.
Managed public and employee inquiries Special Projects Hispaniola Mountain Ministries, Starkville, MS 
2013 Campaign to Improve Donor
Relations.
Performed a SWOT analysis for both internal and external factors.
Created the survey to validate results completed by 150+ volunteers.
Identified notification and follow up methods preferred by donors and stakeholders.
Performed a target public assessment.
Identified primary and secondary publics for HMM to target to get new donors.
Research methods: journal articles, survey.
Identified goals, objectives, strategies and tactics to achieve desired outcomes.
Provided multiple ways to measure the effectiveness of each goal.
Created a timeline detailing when and how to approach potential donors and appropriate follow up behavior.
Education and Training
2013
BA
 
: 
Communication-Public Relations Marketing
 
Mississippi State University
 
Communication-Public Relations Marketing Magna Cum Laude
3.8/4.00 3.66/4.00