DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Professional Summary
Extensive experience in LTAC Marketing in a hospital setting. Ability to build strong rapport with physicians, patient's families, case managers and
health care community. Managed and lead team of clinical, admissions and marketing liaisons and efficiently communicated patients' needs to
clinical staff. Expert in planning and executing marketing strategies to build relationships in new territories and increased referral sources. Track
record of consistent growth in census of hospital through demonstrating strong professional relationships with referral sources and turn potential
referrals into admissions. Self driven and innovative with a strong desire to compete with other LTACHs to increase hospital census. High
recommendations by leading physicians based on performance and work ethics.
Highlights
Excellent interpersonal communication skills with the ability to
keep professionalism.
Confident public speaker.
Highly motivated marketer.
Patient care oriented, increasing and securing walk-in tours for
patients' families and catering to their needs.
Cultural awareness and sensitivity towards patients and
physicians.
Trained by physicians and nurses to evaluate patients' charts
and make recommendations for LTAC based on diagnoses.
Proven ability to manage marketing team and yielding results.
Strategically develops marketing plans.
Track record of financial management by efficiently using budgets to
organize networking events, company functions and annual galas.
Effectively influences team members by showing motivation and drive
to perform.
Understands and explains the continuum of care model to patient
families.
Clinical knowledge in identifying LTAC patients with proper
diagnoses and treatments.
Experience
04/2013
 
to 
10/2014
Director of Business Development
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Managed and lead by example a team of qualified marketing and clinical liaisons and showed steady increase in census and market presence.
Accomplishments
Opened doors to new Acute care hospitals that are now responsible for 5-10% of new LTAC admissions each month, for instance
Angleton-Danbury Medical Center, Brazosport Regional Medical Center, University General Hospital and Memorial Hermann Medical
Center.
Brought on board several new physicians that specialize in the needs of long term acute care patients. This resulted in the higher referrals
from the Acute care hospitals by these certain physicians and increased total number of admissions.
Record rate of admissions and discharges beyond 26 day stay at the LTAC.
Highest census to date since the opening of the establishment at over 88% for a continuous streak of 40+ days.
Designed a processing system of new referrals which cut down the processing time of referrals from 72 hours to 12 hours or less, with over
90%referrals that turned in to same day admissions.
Designed and printed a new and improved "LTACH Evaluation Status" sheet for patient charts which communication the status of 
referrals
to the case managers and physicians efficiently, so that they don't have to follow up constantly with the admissions staff over the phone.
Designed and uploaded a new company website that enables patients to do virtual tours, sign consents and view the directions to the
hospital on the web. In addition, it is much more visibly pleasing compared to the older website and offers detailed information on private
health care insurances accepted by the hospital and explains the services offered by the hospital including the "continuum of care" model.
Designed and rented a full-size CBS Billboard for over one year in the Sugar Land on Hwy 6 and Hwy 99 intersection, to increase the
market presence in the community.
Catered special needs patients and their families with their requests in order to secure admissions, for instance; Halal or Kosher meals,
Allowing only one family member to stay with the patient for the duration of stay etc.
Initiated the tradition of annual company gala in which the doctors who actively contributed in the hospital referrals were recognized and
presented with award and gifts. This also soon became a sought after event by the case manager and social workers to attend as it is a one
of a kind evening, where guests are entertained with dances, live singing performances, five course dinner and an open bar.
Awards
Atrium Medical Center - Certificate of Recognition for outstanding performance.
January 2014
Education
2015
Bachelors of Science
 
: 
Interdisciplinary Studies
 
University of Houston-Downtown
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
Interdisciplinary Studies courses entails different areas of studies to provide a well rounded education that can be applied to many careers.
Coursework included: communication, psychology, economics, and humanities.
Minor in Political Science2012
Associate of Arts
 
: 
General Studies
 
Houston Community College System
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
Houston Community College System - Honors 3.8 GPA
Member of Phi Theta Kappa
2010
General Studies
 
Galveston College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
Galveston College
Dean's list for extraordinary academic performance
Photograph and article featured in Galveston county newspaper for excellent athletic performance in surfing course while earning college credits.
Languages
English, Hindi [India] and Urdu [Pakistan].
References
Abdul Hannan Khan, MD
Pulmonologist, Internal Medicine
37 Years of Experience
(281) 679-8282
Dr. Naveed Umer Farooq
 , MD
Infectious Disease
25 Years of Experience
(832) 723-7807
Dr. Suleman Lalani
 , MD
Internal Medicine
21 Years of Experience
(281) 491 - 3225
Dr. Sarfaraz Aly, MD
Internal Medicine, Infectious Disease Medicine
8 Years of Experience
(832) 886 - 4774
Tana Healy, MBA, RN, CCM
Director of Case Management West Houston Medical Center
(281) 588 - 8153Edna Takahashi, RN
ICU Case Manager West Houston Medical Center
(281) 588 - 7834
Afsha Dawwa, RN
Case Manager Methodist Hospital Medical Center
(281) - 777 - 6237
Rachael Wheaton, LVN
Tomball Nursing and Rehab Center
(832) 498 - 5155
Note: Please use the alias JJ for verification.
Clients
West Houston Medical Center
Methodist Sugar Land Hospital
St. Luke's Hospital Sugar Land
Memorial Hermann Southwest Hospital
Angleton-Danbury Medical Center
Brazosport Regional Health System
Skills
Networking
Health Care
Patient Evaluation
Medicare Structure
Sales and Marketing
Personal Communication
Extensive Knowledge of IT
Operations and Management