PROGRAM MANAGER/BUSINESS ANALYST
Summary
Highly enthusiastic, self-motivated Program Manager/Business Analyst with experience in military and corporate working environments, dedicated
to maximizing assets through process improvement methods and constant innovation.
Core Qualifications
Former member of the United States Air Force, served 8 years
Excellent time management
Teaching, inspiring and counseling
Experience working special military computer programs
Reliable and dependable
Very personable and team player
Outstanding Motivator
Achievements
Material Development
Created continuity system for new program managers to create an continuous uninterrupted work environment
Process Improvement
Developed flawless deployment system that resulted in personnel and equipment deployment with zero discrepancies over a 5 yr period.
Research:
 Â 
Performed research and analysis for Air Force level Project Manager
Training:
Delivered training and implemented new system in tracking completion .
Completed training on-time and under-budget.
Professional Experience
Program Manager/Business Analyst 
May 2010
 
to 
October 2014
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Served as Program Manager/Program Analyst for all deployment related activities for an operation of over 300 employees.
Responsible for managing the alignment of personnel to specific Unit Type Codes (UTC) and associated Air Expeditionary Force (AEF)
rotations.
Adviser for significant problem areas and provided guidance to resolve personnel, equipment and training problems.
Compiled and extracted data from reports for inclusion in the monthly status report briefings.
Assured a high level of expertise and standardization in the evaluation and qualification process of deployment systems through diligent
training of deploying military and civilian members.
Provided accurate information and reports to accomplish the administrative and analytical work in the maintenance of the automated official
property book record and backup files.
Project lead for employer on all Air Force level deployment inspections to execute assigned missions, exercises, contingencies and
operations.
Evaluated information from multiple agencies to develop an understanding of the business requests and needs and translated them into
application and operational requirements.
Researched, evaluated and prepared long-range and short-range business plans through collaboration multiple agencies to ensure personnel
and equipment constant movement.
Worked with personnel to obtain requirements through interviews, document analysis, business process descriptions, workflow analysis and
use.
Fitness Center Director
 
November 2009
 
to 
May 2010
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Managed multi-million dollar fitness facility, coordinated monthly fitness activities base populace of 45K.
Supervised fitness employees, wrote appraisals and maintained training records for employees.
As top supervisor was selected served as Project Lead for U.S. Armed Services Team during the Military International Olympics
Served as a Contract Officer Representative (COR) for agency contracts and provided the necessary equipment, materials, furniture and
services.
Contract Officer Representative for equipment needs for six fitness centers; to include family fitness rooms, youth training programs and
specialty fitness classes.
Established fitness plans for all training, fitness classes, incentive programs, and special events.
Assisted in oversight for all fitness contracts and ensured payments were made in accordance with the contract and Air Force guidance.
Knowledgeable in exercise science including kinesiology, functional anatomy, exercise physiology, nutrition, program administration, andinjury prevention.
Training Manager, Staff Sergeant
 
October 2004
 
to 
September 2008
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Reviewed training circulars, master training schedules, inspections and test results to determine necessary unit and individual training.
Assisted in designing, developing, evaluating, revising, and selecting training programs, training material (written training guides or pamphlets,
graphic visual aids, training films, video cassettes, sound recordings, multi-media video training tapes, or curriculum materials, etc.), training
methods (classroom lecture, hands on, e-learning, computer based, etc.), and training aids for the professional development and delivery of
training in support.
Used advanced technology programs to create, develop, and facilitate training functions (i.e., automated tracking system, tracking of student
certification/re-certification status, maintaining information, and researching outside sources for training support material, etc.) and developed
and implemented testing procedures for required certifications.
Provided instructional support for the education and training programs, with emphasis on the development and implementation of the
educational component of the Prevention and Management of failures.
Planned, promoted, and developed educational programs and designs the program by analyzing the need for personnel, facilities, supplies,
and materials.
Developed new or revised training or materials for formal/informal courses.
Evaluated and analyzed the effectiveness of all training programs.
Education and Training
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Management
 
, 
Dec 2015
 
Park University
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
BS in Management (Dec 2015), Secret security clearance, Customer Service Training Instructor, Deployment Manager Training, Defense
Readiness Response System training course, Training manager course
Supervisor safety training , Leadership school, Accountant/Resource Adviser training, Agile/Scrum Training and Computer Base Training, CPR
certified
Skills
Administrative, Leadership, Analytical, S
 upervisory, Excellent Written and Verbal, Customer service, Excellent Computer Skills (Microsoft
Word, Office, Power Point, Excel).