CONSULTANT
Summary
7 years of professional IT experience with Masters degree in computer applications; worked mainly with Java (JEE) programming languages.
Passionate about Clean code programming skills and Emergent design techniques. Hands on experience with Test-driven development (TDD) and
Behavior-driven development (BDD) with test automation scripts to deliver high quality product. Good java performance improvement and
reliability experience. Good knowledge to achieve high-availability and Continuous Integration. Good understanding of Relational and NoSQL
databases. Experienced with development processes using Agile, Scrum. Well versed with Deutsch culture and traditions, worked with Deutsch
clients and colleagues for more than five years and stayed in client location (Berlin, Germany) around for two years. Passed German A1 language
certification exam and currently pursuing A2.
Highlights
Java, JEE (Web Services, JSP, Servlet, Struts, JDBC, JMS, MDB, JMX) Spring Ioc, Spring MVC (REST), Spring Security, Spring
Remoting, Spring AMQP.
Hibernate,MyBatis, Maven, Mockito, WireMock. JMeter, Gatling, JUnit
RabbitMQ, IBM MqSeries.
Service Oriented Architecture (SOA)
Enterprise Service Bus (OSB), Business Process Execution Language, SoapUI
BPEL), Web services, XML, XSD, XSLT, XPATH, Xquery, SOAP.
Spring MVC - RESTFul services with JSON and XML
Web Servers/Tools
Tomcat - Eclipse/Spring tool suite (STS), Maven Jetty Plugin
Oracle Weblogic 11g - SOA Server - Jdevelopper 11.x
Oracle Weblogic11g - Oracle Service Bus (OSB) (OEPE)
Websphere Application Server -WAS 7.0/WAS 6.0 - RSA(IBM)
Rational Application Developer RAD 6.0(IBM)
Database:
Oracle 11g, JAVADB - DERBY, HSQLDB, MySql
Scripting language
JavaScript, HTML
Version control
Git-Stash, Subversion (SVN)
Other utilities
UML - Enterprise Architect 7.5 (EA) LDAP - Jexplorer, MQExplorer, Atlassian stack- JIRA, Bamboo and Confluence, Puppet
Development Platform /
Operating Systems
Mac OS, Windows 2000/XP/windows7, Linux
Quality Assurance and Robustness
Sonar, performance improvement using JProfiler and VisualVM.
ELK stack and Java melody for API monitoring.
Experience
Company Name
 
January 2013
 
to 
March 2015
 
Consultant
 
City
Project - Identity and access management (IAM) ADP Dealer services provide services to Automotive dealers with the help of various web
based application.
Identity and access management provides Authentication, Authorization, user management,user provisioning, Single Sign On (SSO),
Federation Services and OAuth to these applications.
Designed & developed RESTFul APIs using Spring framework.
Secured APIs with Oauth2.0 and Basic Authentication protocol.
Implemented RabbitMQ for API Integration thru Spring AMQP and Spring Integration.
Implemented pivotal GemFire (In-Memory database) to achieve high-performance and to handle high load on Authorization service.
Implemented MyBatis as persistence framework for Identity service.
Used Oracle RDBMS as user store, implemented Liquibase for identity and authorization.
Improved meaningful unit test coverage till 90+ %.
Organized QA and Wrote integration test cases and performance test cases using JMeter and Gatling (Scala) respectively.
Used Mockito and WireMock as a mocking framework.
Improved API performance by 200%.
Worked metrics/monitoring tool like ELK (elasticsearch logstash kibana) stack for API Dashboard.
Used CA Siteminder for Authentication and as SSO provider.
Implemented several Java Utilities as a part of innovation which helped team.
Many times Showcased working software to Product management and stack holders.
Enthusiastic about learning new web technologies and train team on it.
Company Name
 
October 2010
 
to 
December 2012
 
Senior Associate Software developer
 
CityT-System GmbH is a software arm of Deutsch Telekom (T.com), it provides vast variety of telecom solutions.
Cognizant and T-Systems are strategic business partners.
Sofia is a telecom provisioning system.
It is developed to provide a management console to manage various element managers like CUCM, Novatec and Cisco Voice Gateway.
Sofia provisioning system gets orders from various external system.
According to order, Sofia provisioning system delegates those orders to respective modules.
Implemented SOAP web services utilising Oracle SOA suite.
Implemented MDS as repository for Schema and WSDL.
Used Jdeveloper to implement Business process execution language (BPEL).
Used Oracle Service Bus (OSB) for service integration.
Implemented various services for IP phones like call waiting, Call Forwarding, Speed Dial and Change PIN.
These services are exposed as XML RESTFul services using OSB.
Worked on Spring MVC application for Sofia UI.
Created Database adapters on top of database Objects in OSB.
Implemented a utility for data synchronization to synch data between various external systems and Sofia database.
Learned completely new technology like OSB and provided training and coaching to the team members.
Project - Business logic Technique (BL-T).
Company Name
 
October 2007
 
to 
October 2010
 
Associate
 
City
BL-T is an OSS system from T-Home to investigate and Reserve DSL connection at the any place in Europe on the basis of parameters
like telephone number.
It acts as an intelligent interface between the NorthBound systems and the SouthBound systems.
Implemented services S1, S2, S3, S4 ...
for NorthBound systems.
Each of the above mentioned services are meant to carry out special process in the PreOrder.
The end result of the entire process is a PreOrder to be updated in E2E.
Implemented services integration using (JMS) and MDB in the form of XML messages over IBM MQ Series.
Used XBEAN for message transformation.
Implemented BL-T Admin console using HTML, JSP, JavaScript and Struts Framework.
Education
RGPV University
 
June 2004
 
Masters of Computer Applications
 
India
Vikram University
 
June 2001
 
Bachelor of Commerce
 
India
Languages
Fluent in English and Hindi, Basic German(A1).
Skills
ADP, API, Architect 7.5, Automotive, Basic, Business Process, Cisco, coaching, com, CA, Version control, Database, DSL, Eclipse, Fluent in
English, XML, Gateway, German, Hindi, HTML, IBM, IBM MQ Series, IBM MqSeries, innovation, IP, Java, JMS, JSP, JavaScript, JDBC,
JSON, LDAP, Linux, logic, Mac OS, Memory, access, windows7, Windows 2000, MVC, MySql, Enterprise, Operating Systems, Oracle,
Developer, OSS, Product management, QA, Quality Assurance, RAD 6.0, Oracle RDBMS, Servlet, Scripting, SOAP, strategic, Struts, telecom,
telephone, phones, Tomcat, UML, Utilities, Web Servers, Weblogic, Websphere, XSLT