70, US Medical IT,Business Intelligence/SQL Developer,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=208&ao=4120&s=58&guid=0000015b947710c5a45db25fdfeacb63&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844483046&jobListingId=2267473215, Dallas, TX,Dallas, TX,1 to 50 employees,2010,Information Technology, Internship – Business Intelligence/SQL Developer US Medical IT is hiring! We are looking for a Business Intelligence/SQL Developer intern to join our team. Are you interested in learning more about new technology in the healthcare industry? Looking for an opportunity in a fast-paced, innovative environment? Want to earn real world experience in Computer Science, IT & Operations, or Business Admin? Then you might be the perfect candidate for our internship position as a BI/SQL developer. Please feel free to forward and share this opportunity to your network as well. Who We Are Our mission at US Medical IT is to thoughtfully integrate medicine and technology, creating the opportunity for broader knowledge distribution, better coordination of care, and ultimately the improved health and well-being of all. We know that our success is dependent upon hiring the very best problem solvers from the next generation. We are looking for a candidate that is ready to make a difference in today’s world by solving complex, real world healthcare challenges with simple, elegant solutions. Job Description The successful candidate is a process oriented individual that is excited to work directly with US Medical IT clients on a variety of client and internal projects involving SQL Server and business intelligence. They will work on reporting and analysis services using SQL to design complex reports, database modeling and data structure principles. They will also build dashboard, scorecards, and KPIs. Ideal Candidate The ideal candidate is one that wants to be exposed to a wide variety of challenges and is able to use critical thinking with an analytical mind. The candidate needs to have both a strong technical acumen as well as the ability to relate well to people with varying degrees of technical competency. The individual must have strong interpersonal skills and be able to work independently on a variety of projects. They must also be able to effectively conduct research and document findings, prioritize a dynamic list of daily tasks while simultaneously improving and documenting internal processes. Technical experience with Microsoft SQL Server is required, and familiarity with business intelligence tools is preferred (Microsoft Power BI, Tableau or similar platforms). The ideal candidate is searching for a career that offers opportunities to grow both personally and professionally by embracing our mission to improve the health & well-being of the communities we service. The candidate will be an exceptional problem solver with the ability to synthesize complex systems and discern the opportunities and challenges that exist within them. Our Hiring Goal We know that our success is dependent upon hiring the very best problem solvers of the next generation. We are looking for a candidate that is ready to make a difference in today’s world by solving complex, real world healthcare challenges with simple, elegant solutions. Candidate’s Aspiration Profile We are looking for a meticulous, hardworking, detail oriented person that demands high quality workmanship from both themselves and others. The successful candidate is able to ‘see the big picture’ and long range plans while ensuring executional excellence of daily tasks assigned to themselves and others. The candidate is able to rigorously manage and enforce project timelines, identify problem areas and apply resources to resolve issues so that the overall project is not delayed. The candidate is also looking for opportunities to immerse themselves in ‘big ideas’ and find ways to deliver simple and elegant solutions to our clients’ complex challenges. The successful candidate will aspire to grow in these areas; Project Management, Leadership and Management Skill and Multi-dimensional Problem Solving. Candidate Adjective Self Directed, Disciplined, Aspirational, Prioritizing, Task Master, Exacting and Creative. Technology Used Daily Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Power BI, Microsoft SharePoint Online, Microsoft InfoPath, Microsoft Office Pro 2016 [Outlook (Shared Calendars), Excel (Pivot Tables/Charts), Word (Mail Merge), PowerPoint (Templates), OneNote and Publisher], Microsoft Skype for Business  If you are interested in the position, please fill out this Myers-Briggs test and send the 4 character test result with your resume to jobs@usmedicalit.com Equal Employment Opportunity Policy US Medical IT provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, US Medical IT complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. US Medical IT expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of US Medical IT’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge. 