96, Grant Thornton,Strategic Resource Manager, Advisory Capacity and Resource Management,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=303&ao=136150&s=58&guid=0000015b94773c7788835cabe1b00942&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844494316&jobListingId=2377251203, Dallas, TX,Chicago, IL,5001 to 10000 employees,1924,Accounting & Legal, Grant Thornton is collaborative, entrepreneurial and on the move. As part of a dynamic global organization of 30,000 people serving clients in more than 100 countries, we have the agility and focus it takes to be a leader.　 Job Description: The Resource Management Team (RMT) Market Territory Strategic Resource Manager (MTSRM) is responsible for assigning the right resource to the right client at the right time, while balancing and optimizing employee growth, client results, and business metrics. The MTSRM will anticipate needs and work with Partners, MDs, and Project Managers to ensure open seats are filled and bench is minimized in order to maximize utilization and minimize past due open seats. He/she will have deep knowledge of the skills of the resources in his/her area as well as the skills required by projects in his/her area. He/she will meet with staff regularly to ensure he/she understands their growth needs and project preferences as well as to set expectations with his/her staff re: project and skill demand and possible opportunities. He/she must anticipate project conflicts and identify alternatives to resolve conflicts as well as be opportunistic in managing the bench. He/she must build strong relationships with Partners, Project Managers, and MDs by providing excellent client service. He/she must build a strong relationship with his Market Territory Service Line Leader. He/she must prepare and analyze resource data for his area in order to identify issues and trends and maintain a constant pulse on the current and future shortages and surpluses in his/her area. He/she is also responsible for the data management of his/her area.      Core Responsibilities:   Provides analysis around key metrics such as availability, utilization, and open seat status and identifies issues and trends.   Works with Partners, MDs, and Project Managers to identify and define open needs and identify staff to fulfill those needs.  Anticipates potential staffing conflicts and proactively manages conflicts by surfacing creative alternatives that maximize utilization while minimizing bench, but are also opportunistic for staff development.  Actively manages bench and works with Partners, MDs, and Project Managers to identify possible opportunities for bench resources as well as college hires and interns. Also, serves as primary point of contact for unassigned staff within area.  Meets regularly with staff to ensure he/she understands their growth needs and project preferences as well as to set expectations with his/her staff re: project and skill demand and possible opportunities.   Acquires and maintains deep knowledge of skills of staff within area as well as skills needed for projects in area.  Helps to integrate new hires into project teams.  Maintains a steady pulse on shortages and surpluses in area.  Collaboratively engages other MTSRMs to encourage resource sharing across regions, groups, etc.  Identifies needs that cannot be fulfilled by upcoming supply and works closely with Region Capacity Manager and Recruiting to ensure open requisitions are created and fulfilled.  Participate in components of performance management process with HR to help ensure consistent understanding of development needs of employees.  Responsible for data management of area and works closely with RMT Associates at the Shared Services Center to ensure skill profiles are current, StaffTrak data entry/forecasting is timely and accurate, and CMS data entry is timely.  Works closely with RMT Associates at the Shared Services Center to ensure forecasting of offshore resources is accurate.  Participates in Monthly Forecasting Process for area to ensure staffing needs, utilization potential, and shortages and surpluses are proactively identified. The ideal candidate will have:  A solid understanding of the firm’s business and operations as well as a basic understanding of finance Excellent organizational skills, deadline-oriented and flexibility to meet changing needs of the role Proven ability to manage upwards and drive results Proven ability to set and manage expectations with staff Strong computer skills including proficiency in Microsoft Excel. High degree of comfort using computer software and other Microsoft business products (Word, PowerPoint, Office), including excellent data management and manipulation capabilities Proven ability to consistently and positively contribute in a fast-paced environment Strong metrics-focused with ability to use analytics to solve problems and develop solutions Ability to build rapport and gain the trust with all levels of personnel at Grant Thornton Strong leadership, communication, and presentation skills  Ability to work independently with little direct supervision Aptitude to learn and leverage new technology Experience in professional services industry, specifically public accounting, is preferred Proven ability to maintain confidentiality while balancing needs to business  Bachelor’s degree in related field  Benefits:Grant Thornton LLP promotes a nationally recognized culture of health and offers an extensive array of benefits to meet individual lifestyles. For a complete list of benefits please visit http://www.gt.com./   Founded in Chicago in 1924, Grant Thornton LLP (Grant Thornton) is the U.S. member firm of Grant Thornton International Ltd, one of the world’s leading organizations of independent audit, tax and advisory firms. Grant Thornton has revenues in excess of $1.3 billion and operates 57 offices across the U.S., with more than 500 partners and 6,000 employees.   Grant Thornton works with a broad range of publicly and privately held companies, government agencies, financial institutions, and civic and religious organizations. Core industries served include consumer and industrial products, financial services, not-for-profit, private equity, and technology. Grant Thornton focuses on serving dynamic organizations that pursue growth holistically — whether through revenue improvement, leadership, mission fulfillment or innovation.   It is Grant Thornton’s policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law.