155, Deloitte & Touche L.L.P.,Summer Scholar, Business Analyst - Human Capital, Actuarial - Columbia University,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=431&ao=189300&s=58&guid=0000015b947752389efb04738952bd5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844499902&jobListingId=2302616683, Dallas, TX,New York, NY,10000+ employees,1972,Accounting & Legal, Are you an analytical thinker with a passion for actuarial sciences and an interest in helping organizations solve complex actuarial business problems through interpreting large data sets? We're looking for a Business Analyst Intern to work with our Human Capital Actuarial team. You'll help to build financial and mathematical models that can improve organizational performance. From the start, you'll be involved with multiple project teams and clients that may include insurance companies, employers, and governments.  Work you'll do  Our work is interesting and complex, and while quantifying risk via statistical methods is part of what we do, that won't be the only way you add value to our clients' businesses. You will have the opportunity to serve clients in other strategic and operational capacities based on extensive exposure to these clients and deep analytical strengths.  The team  Human Capital professionals who specialize in Actuarial services apply advanced quantitative analysis to a wide range of business challenges. We use leading-edge statistical methods to quantify risk of Health, Life, P&C, and Retirement plans for clients. Learn more about our Human Capital Actuarial practice.  Qualifications  Required  * Enrollment in a Bachelor's or Master's degree program in related field of study  * Strong academic track record (minimum GPA of 3.2)  * Proficiency in word processing, spreadsheet, and presentation creation tools, as well as Internet research tools  * Demonstrable interest in taking SOA or CAS actuarial exams, with at least one exam passed  * Excellent communication skills  * Willingness to travel  How you'll grow  Two of the most important tools in today's business world are experience and resources. At Deloitte, you'll find plenty of both. During this 8-10 week long learning experience, you'll gain first-hand insights into technical skills, critical professional behaviors, standards, and mindsets needed to be an effective actuarial consultant. You'll work with a wide variety of talented, strategic leaders, learn how to leverage data and statistics, tackle real-world business challenges, and experience the day-to-day responsibilities and opportunities of this exciting, forward-facing career. Your tailored training program will start on day 1 and be supplemented with learning opportunities throughout the summer, whether on the job, virtual, or in the office on Fridays. The summer will also feature networking opportunities with firm leadership and interns across the organization during the national summer intern conference at Deloitte University. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center.  Deloitte's culture  Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte.  Corporate citizenship  Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte's impact on the world.  Recruiter tips  We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you're applying to. We also suggest that you brush up on your behavioral and case interviewing skills and practice discussing your experience and job history with a family member, friend, or mentor. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals.  Requisition code: S17CBSCF17JUNJM-HCPosted by StartWireApply