129, CEB,Research Analyst Intern,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=405&ao=144595&s=58&guid=0000015b947752389efb04738952bd5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844499863&jobListingId=2316984362, Arlington, TX,Arlington, VA,1001 to 5000 employees,1983,Business Services, Are you motivated by ideas and learning? Do you consider yourself to be intellectually curious? At CEB, we are seeking undergraduate Research Analyst Interns to join our Washington, D.C. area global headquarters. As an Intern, you will contribute to the firm’s success through researching and analyzing strategic, business, and operational challenges affecting C-level executives all across the globe.  Join a Company Distinguished by its Insights. During your 10 weeks at CEB, you will work with mentors, and engage in training designed to acquire key analytical and business skills that can contribute to your success in your future career. As an Intern at CEB, you will quickly build cross-industry business expertise. Your research will examine common challenges faced by business leaders, uncover effective solutions, and enable those business leaders to take action. Many interns continue to make an impact as full-time Analysts after graduation due to their hard work and development across the summer.  Hear from our former Interns about making a difference.  How Do Research Analysts Interns Make an Impact?Use analytical tools, such as root cause analysis, to identify the drivers of global business problems, create hypotheses regarding solutions, and develop a testing plan.Shadow interviews with senior executives from large organizations, academics from top universities, and industry experts.Synthesize information from wide-ranging secondary literature searches and proprietary data sources to produce key business insights.Contribute multiple research projects, generating outputs business leaders can use to improve their organization’s performance, such as best-practice studies, benchmarking reports, blog posts, articles, webinars, presentations, training materials, diagnostics, tools, and white papers.Support the Research team by scheduling member interviews, participating on calls with prospective and current members, responding to research inquires, coordinating meetings and webinars, and preparing research materials and summaries.  We’re looking for Individuals who have:Full-time rising undergraduate senior at an accredited undergraduate university or collegeRelevant work and/or internship in researchProven experience in quantitative and/or qualitative analysisAbility to analyze and present large, complex data sets in compelling waysExcellent communication and writing skills Strong project and time management skillsAbility to work independently and in a team environment   What can a CEB Internship Offer You?  10 week paid internship from June-August  Mentorship opportunities  Networking events with senior executives  Career workshops and other training  Social and community service events with other interns across the organization Opportunity for a full time offer upon completion of internship    Who is CEB? CEB is a best practice insight and technology company. In partnership with leading organizations around the globe, we develop innovative solutions to drive corporate performance. CEB equips leaders at more than 10,000 companies with the intelligence to effectively manage talent, customers, and operations. CEB is a trusted partner to nearly 90" of the Fortune 500 and FTSE 100, and more than 70& of the Dow Jones Asian Titans. More at cebglobal.com.  Known as an innovative growth firm, CEB is hiring experienced professionals and early careerists within a variety of intellectually stimulating careers. Please apply via your campus career center website and at cebcareers.com to job # 54964.   CEB is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state or local law. CEB promotes a drug-free workplace. CEB will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries.  