88, Deloitte,Summer Associate (SC) - Strategy & Operations, MBA, Consulting - Emory,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=226&ao=144580&s=58&guid=0000015b947710c5a45db25fdfeacb63&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844483074&jobListingId=2216212245, Dallas, TX,New York, NY,10000+ employees,1972,Accounting & Legal, Join our Strategy& Operations (S&O) team this summer to enhance your education andaccelerate your career. As a SummerAssociate, you’ll work side by side with innovative and strategic thoughtleaders and stay ahead of the rapidly evolving world of business. You’ll getthe training to be confident and prepared to help tackle some of our clients’ mostcomplex business issues. When you becomea member of our team not only will you experience our supportive work culture,but you’ll also receive first-hand insights into the day-to-day challenges andopportunities faced by our consultants. Work you’ll doAs a Summer Associate,you’ll work with diverse global clients across a wide range of industries. You will have a variety ofclient-facing responsibilities including interviewing staff, gathering data,analyzing issues, formulating and making recommendations, and helping clientsimplement proposed solutions. During your time with us, you’ll sharpen yourconsulting and networking skills by taking part in social outings, office-wideteam meetings, and community service events.  The team Our Strategy & Operations consultants offer insightfulrecommendations and data-fueled strategies to help our clients address some oftheir most complex business issues. We are a diverse and talented team thatsupports a collaborative culture and delivers value through the application ofstrategy and process improvement. We tackle our clients’ organizationalstrategy, financial management, supply management, innovation, and growthissues and help to enhance their business performance, productivity, andlong-term profitability. Join us, and play a key role in designing our clients’roadmap to the future. Learn more about ourStrategy & Operations practice. QualificationsRequiredEnrollment in an MBA program with 3+ years’ work experience, preferably in a large company settingStrong academic track record Exceptional communication and analytical skills with the ability to communicate findings to clients and team membersAbility to work independently and collaboratively with a team in a fast-paced environment Willingness to travel U.S. Citizenship and ability to obtainU.S. Security Clearance (Federal Practice candidates only) How you’ll grow During this exciting and challenginglearning experience, you’ll gain first-hand insights into technical skills,critical professional behaviors, standards, and mindsets to help you expand onyour previous experience, knowledge and skills. You’ll work with a wide varietyof talented strategic leaders and learn how to develop, implement, and measureinnovative strategies, tackle real-world business issues head-on, andexperience what it’s like to be a part of our work culture.  Deloitte’scultureOur positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do theirbest work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniquenessand offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help themto be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs andare continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our peopleexcel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. CorporatecitizenshipDeloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact thatmatters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with ourclients, our people and our communities. Webelieve that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus oneducation, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drivepositive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on theworld. RecruitertipsWewant job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident.To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: knowsome background about the organization and the business area you’re applyingto. We also suggest that you brush up on your behavioral and case interviewingskills and practice discussing your experience and job history with a familymember, friend, or mentor. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitteprofessionals. SubmissionInstructions To submit anapplication/profile for the Strategy andOperation MBA Summer Associate position youwill need to submit your resume and cover letter to your campus career center andto our career site.Submit resume and cover letter to your Emory Go campus career center job site.Submit to our career site at: http://tinyurl.com/SO-MBA-Intern-EmoryPlease use the following naming convention when naming your documents First, Last, type of document e.g.John Doe Resume.When creating your personal profile on our site,please select “University Recruiting” for Source Type and “Campus” forUniversity Recruiting.If you have previously created a profile onDeloitte’s website, you can use the same log-in information as beforeComplete a Personal Data Summary (PDS) by accessing the following link: Emory S&O MBA Summer Associate Personal DataSurvey  Applicationsshould be submitted no later than December 5, 2016.As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.See notices of various ban-the-box laws where available. https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/ban-the-box-notices.html Requisition code: S17EMYCI18MAYSH-SO