118, MedeAnalytics,Big Data Intern (multiple openings),https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=325&ao=135966&s=58&guid=0000015b94773c7788835cabe1b00942&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844494357&jobListingId=1900940680, Dallas, TX,Emeryville, CA,51 to 200 employees,1993,Information Technology,  Company Description:  Want to work on something that really matters and impacts everyone in the US? MedeAnalytics sits at the intersection of healthcare, technology, big data, and national policy. Mede is made up of inspired people with vast industry knowledge. We are all committed to a mission of providing clear, human-powered insights to transform healthcare. Our goal is to lower the overall cost of healthcare using data analytics and workflow applications that reduce inefficiencies, facilitate communication and increase transparency. Think Money Ball for hospitals. Over 1000 healthcare organizations use our cloud based, Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) products every day and we’re looking for smart people to help us double that number and change the healthcare industry. Our company is privately held and has a high-energy work environment that rewards innovation and represents a tremendous personal growth opportunity for the right professional. We are proud to say that Mede is one of Modern Healthcare’s 100 Best Places to Work in Healthcare.   Role Profile: The Big Data Interns will work closely with the engineers, architects and business analysts to build and maintain the big data systems for large scale, high performance, and rock-solid reliability. This is a hands-on position that will require performing system development and maintenance activities for the exciting and dynamic medical fields.   Essential Duties and Responsibilities:  Collect, clean and transform data from disparate sources for big data analytics. Responsible for creating and maintaining systems that leverage big data and traditional BI technologies.  Work with the product owners and business analysts in analyzing business requirements. Work on engineering our big data platform for scale, performance, and rock-solid reliability. Responsible for the setup, creation and maintenance of MS SQL database, Vertica, MongoDB clusters and servers. Work with engineering and product teams distributed across multiple locations. Effectively document and communicate results Stay up to date on current trends in big data analytics and healthcare Other duties as required by business conditions or as assigned  Essential Education, Experience and Interests:  Ability to work effectively in a team. Results-oriented, self-motivated and quick-learner. Good interpersonal (both oral and written) communication skills. Knowledge with .Net, SQL and databases. Knowledge with Linux.  Technical degree (Bachelors of Science in Computer Science, Information Technology or equivalent) strongly desired; advanced degree (MS) preferred.  Desired Experience  Knowledge with Vertica and MongoDB Familiarity with Scrum methodology  Knowledge with SSAS, SSIS or SSRS  Working Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  While performing the duties of this job, the employee regularly works near office equipment (telephone, computer) and other employees. The employee works in normal office conditions where there is no physical discomfort due to temperature, dust, noise, etc. Verbal and written communication, telephone usage, filing, sitting, typing, driving, reading and carrying required to perform the essential functions of this job.  