58, Grant Thornton,Audit Intern - Winter,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=227&ao=136150&s=58&guid=0000015b947710c5a45db25fdfeacb63&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844483076&jobListingId=1882554745, Dallas, TX,Chicago, IL,5001 to 10000 employees,1924,Accounting & Legal, Who is Grant Thornton?    Grant Thornton is a collaborative, entrepreneurial firm on the move! As part of a dynamic, global organization of more than 30,000 people serving clients in more than 100 countries, we have the agility and focus it takes to be a leader.    Founded in Chicago in 1924, Grant Thornton LLP (Grant Thornton) is the U.S. member firm of Grant Thornton International Ltd, one of the world’s leading organizations of independent audit, tax, and advisory firms. Grant Thornton has revenues in excess of $1.3 billion and operates 57 offices across the U.S., with more than 500 partners and 6,000 employees.    Grant Thornton works with a broad range of publicly and privately held companies, government agencies, financial institutions, and civic and religious organizations. Core industries served include consumer and industrial products, financial services, not-for-profit, private equity, and technology. Grant Thornton focuses on serving dynamic organizations that pursue growth holistically – whether through revenue improvement, leadership, mission fulfillment or innovation.    We are committed to capitalizing on our strengths and serving dynamic organizations that share our values and drive. Our global values of collaboration, leadership, excellence, agility, respect, and responsibility (“CLEARR”) guide our behaviors and fuel our ambition to be the firm that makes a difference every day.    We provide companies with the guidance that they need to help run their businesses, establish robust internal controls, use information effectively and improve performance. These services include compliance, consulting services, information technology solutions, forensic accounting and investigative services, recovery and reorganization, tax preparation, and valuation, to name a few.    What is Audit?   Grant Thornton’s Audit practice provides our clients with valuable insight regarding managing risk and improving business performance. We assist our clients with improving their overall financial reporting processes. Our goal is to help our clients better understand their business by keeping them regularly informed about their financial progress and by discussing accounting, financial, and regulatory developments that may impact their business.    Why become an Audit Intern at Grant Thornton?    During your internship at Grant Thornton, you will be exposed to audit procedures in the areas of cash, receivables, inventory, fixed assets, payrolls, and expense analysis. You will have an opportunity to work alongside Partners, Senior Executives, and peers as a member of the engagement team. Additionally, you will have an opportunity to learn new skillsets, be involved in office community activities, and build lasting relationships with members of the Grant Thornton team. Your internship will include, but will not be limited to, the following:   Working on a variety of client engagements in varying industries Networking with your peers  Meeting with your mentor for regular feedback and professional development discussions Connecting with fellow interns and Grant Thornton staff at social events Participating in team-building exercises Giving back to the community through outreach activities Sharpening your leadership skills    Additional Job Responsibilities Include:   Reviewing and auditing business transaction cycles including cash, treasury, capital expenditures, and other income and expenses  Researching audit issues, utilizing electronic data bases, and review-tracking financial information utilizing audit related software  Identifying, assessing, and informing senior staff members of audit related issues  Collaboratively working with client team members while building rapport and strong client relationships Working closely with staff, managers, and partners on all phases of the project   Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Accounting  Major and overall minimum GPA of 3.0/4.0  The willingness and ability to work additional hours, as needed, and travel to various client sites Skill Requirements:   Excellent analytical, communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills  Strong technical aptitude and skillset  Demonstrated project management skillset including project planning and time management  Ability to work efficiently and effectively in a complex team environment Benefits: Grant Thornton LLP offers an outstanding opportunity for career growth and development, an attractive compensation and incentive program, generous benefits including immediate participation in our 401(k) plan, and a flexible work environment that offers individual enrichment opportunities in a team environment.   It is Grant Thornton’s policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law.