147, Kubota Tractor,Intern, Turf Marketing,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=423&ao=4132&s=58&guid=0000015b947752389efb04738952bd5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844499890&jobListingId=2309439565, Grapevine, TX,Torrance, CA,201 to 500 employees,1971,Manufacturing,  The Internship Program Our paid internship program is designed to be an educational and engaging opportunity for students to work on challenging projects that help us achieve our mission and goals. Students will experience an emersion in corporate life with training, access to leaders, social events, mentoring, and a capstone project presented to senior management.    Position Information  Title: Turf Marketing Intern FLSA: Hourly / Temporary Division Name / Location: Grapevine, TX Department Name: Ag & Turf Hours: Flexible 20-35 hours / week  Supervisor Title: Director of Turf     Principal Activities:  This position does the following in accordance with all applicable Federal, State and local laws / regulations and the Company’s policies, procedures and guidelines:    Assist the Ag & Turf Department with special projects, research, compiling data, creating training materials, and analysis. Generate reports regarding sales incentive programs and learn about margin reports to support decision making.     Learn about analyzing marketing proposals and programs to enable sales and executive management to evaluate programs for effectiveness. Perform pre-analysis of programs to provide information for determining the best and most cost effective programs prior to implementation.     Exposure to ROI reports for advertising and direct mail promotional campaigns as well as for sponsorship participation, merchandising, industry trade shows, and lead generation.     Exposure to CRM database program, including direct mail and customer newsletter mailing lists. Learn about ongoing CRM recommendations for promotional programs.     Learn about the effectiveness of web-based communications and create monthly reporting system for results.     Analyze, plan, and execute database marketing strategies for customer campaigns including research, documentation, scope analysis, and business case creation.     Coordinate with Customer Satisfaction Manager for the development and management of customer-segmentation, customer profiling, and data modeling for CRM programs.     Work with telemarketing firms, call centers, print, and direct mail houses to apply and assimilate data, including response analysis, while ensuring adherence to all State and Federal regulations.     Partake in strategy planning and implementation to further develop turf equipment dealerships in the SE Division market.     Help facilitate the Turf Department with preparation for dealer marketing events to include open houses and other events.     Take an active role in preparing for, setting-up for, attending and representing Kubota, at industry trade shows in the local area.     Mentor with Turf Sales and field staff by accompanying them on visits with dealer principals and dealership personnel in their respective territories.     Assist department with streamlining and improving development and training activities and tools.     Interact with dealer network by conducting phone calls for sales, service and parts promotional purposes, to conduct product and service surveys, etc.     Assist and participate in Division Events.     Provide administrative support to the Turf Department.     Complete special projects as needed and other duties as assigned.      Minimum Qualifications:  Must be actively enrolled in an undergraduate program at an accredited local University, as junior or senior working toward a Bachelor’s degree in Business, General Agriculture, Agribusiness, Ag Communications, Ag Mechanization, English, Marketing, Communications, Advertising or a degree with demonstrated relevant experience to perform the job duties. 3.0 or above Skills and Background: Strong capability in Microsoft Office Suite to include Power Point, Excel and Word; Access skills preferred; able to develop ad slicks, reports, and training materials; experience administering Facebook Updates and using other social media resources. Basic knowledge of office machines Strong interpersonal (verbal / written) communication skills. Ability to communicate with various levels of management.  High level of skill in decision making, problem solving and analytics. Organizational, multi-tasking and prioritization skills. Integrity, accuracy, dependability, enthusiasm and confidentiality Must be authorized to work in the United States without Visa sponsorship Language Requirements: Strong proficiency and sophistication in the use of English in both written and verbal formats. Physical Requirements: Ability to lift at least 30 pounds    Benefits to the Student:  Comprehensive Training  Access to top Leaders Capstone Project presented senior management Social Events throughout summer Engaging independent work that makes a difference to the business Build resume and explore post – graduation career options Flexible scheduling Real world experience Interviewing practice Letter of recommendation Potential for future employment    The information provided in the description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by incumbents within the classification. This description is not intended to be a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, qualifications and working conditions required of employees assigned to this job/classification. Management reserves the right to add or modify the duties and responsibilities and to designate other functions as essential at any time.   To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The minimum qualifications listed are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.   Consistent with applicable federal and state law, Kubota is committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. We will not discriminate against any qualified applicant or employee based on race, color, ancestry, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical condition), sexual orientation, national origin, religion, creed, marital status, disability, medical condition, age, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law. 