87, Aviall,INTERN, Marketing,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=225&ao=134294&s=58&guid=0000015b947710c5a45db25fdfeacb63&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844483073&jobListingId=1978376185, Dallas, TX,Dallas, TX,1001 to 5000 employees,Boeing,Subsidiary or Business Segment,   Aviall is the world's largest provider of new aviation parts and related aftermarket services. Aviall markets and distributes products for more than 240 manufacturers and offers approximately 2,000,000 catalog items from 40 customer service centers located in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. Aviall prides itself in having an open‚ performance–based culture throughout the organization. We offer an environment that is diverse, challenging and supportive, and provides hands-on experience and real-world responsibilities that serves as the springboard for a successful career. We are also very proud to consistently receive outstanding awards for our diversity and recruitment efforts including the “Top 100 Military-Friendly Employers.” Come join our talented world class team and thrive in a dynamic and supportive culture. Position Summary: Aviall has an exciting position for a Marketing Intern at our Corporate Headquarters located in Dallas,TX. The Marketing Intern will have the opportunity to assist our Corporate Marketing team with internal and external communications, media relations, event management, and government affairs activities. Additionally this internship provides the opportunity to build relationships and develop business acumen through networking with other Aviall interns across the enterprise and interaction with various Aviall leaders.   The expected starting date for this position is May 15, 2017.   Responsibilities: Corporate Communications Aid in internal branding program including print and electronic projects. Research and write articles for staff newsletter to advance corporate culture and information processes.  Media Relations Successfully integrate social mediums into earned media strategy for search engine optimization program. Monitor industry trends and news to better position Aviall for media pick-up within the aviation and defense industries.  Government Affairs Gain a general understanding of the aviation industry through on-site training and industry research. Research, monitor and report state aviation-related legislative policies. Aid in execution of grassroots program that promotes the use of Aviall products. Support lobbying efforts and advocacy activities.  Event Management Coordinate statewide staff social outing and meetings in accordance with provided budget outline. Assist with company ribbon cuttings and groundbreaking ceremonies.  Completes assigned project(s) and develop executive level presentation to deliver to senior leaders. Performs all other tasks as assigned.      Job Requirements   Qualifications: Familiarity with the use of Microsoft Office products and other software to be used to develop analysis, charts, learning modules and/or supporting documentation. Completed the first semester of Junior Year or first semester of Master’s program by May 15, 2017. Actively pursuing Bachelor's or Master's degree in Business, Marketing, Communications or a related field of study. Overall GPA of 3.0. Ability to conduct in-depth industry research, define market trends, and interpret financial data. Solid understanding of business market analysis, financial acumen, and marketing. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Excellent oral and written communication skills; experience in making presentations and communicating ideas and plans to management.      Education   Some College Coursework Completed  