30, Atos Consulting,Intern - Mainframe Engineering,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=130&ao=4120&s=58&guid=0000015b9476f35987a265b0a3254103&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844475592&jobListingId=2399095480, Irving, TX,Bezons, France,1001 to 5000 employees,1996,Business Services,  Job Details  Job Details Intern - Mainframe Engineering US - TEXAS - IRVING, US - TEXAS, USA  Apply for this job  Reference no. 236755 Country USA Region US - TEXAS City US - TEXAS - IRVING Position Type Student Job Area Administration Job Type Part Time Company Atos  Company Information  Atos is a leader in digital services with annual revenue of € 12 billion and 100,000 employees in 72 countries. Serving a global client base, Atos offers Consulting & Systems Integration, Managed Services & BPO, Cloud, Big Data & Cyber-security solutions. With deep technology expertise and industry knowledge, Atos works with clients across many business sectors: Defense, Financial Services, Health, Manufacturing, Media, Utilities, Public Sector, Retail, Telecommunications, and Transportation.Atos is focused on business technology that powers progress and helps organizations to create their firm of the future. In addition, Atos is the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic & Paralympic Games and operates under the brands Atos, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. Atos offers a broad professional perspective and the opportunity to build a rewarding career across either the technical or business paths. With our worldwide presence and our broad range of professional services, Atos provides training programs across all our competencies and markets worldwide for employees in all stages of their career. In addition, we offer programs that are focused on engaging and developing people who are at the beginning of their career through internships and graduate opportunities.    For more information, please see the Atos corporate web site: www.atos.net.   Atos is an EEO employer, providing employment opportunity regardless of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin veteran status, disability or other factors protected by law.  Job Description Whatever your degree/discipline, our Graduate Program will give your career the edge. When you embark on your digital journey with us, you can expect our support every step of the way from some of the most knowledgeable colleagues in the business. Our program will lead to continuous on-the-job training and opportunities to gain valuable industry-recognized qualifications. What’s more, you’ll be working on live projects from the start in fast paced, dynamic and varied roles as well as learning from our Senior Leadership Community, all while supporting our global clients.    What you’ll be doing? Mainframe Storage EngineerYou’ll administer Mainframe Disk and Tape Storage subsystems. Perform changes within company regulations and security standards. Assist with testing, implementation, and installation of new/improved storage systems, as well as product upgrades. Attend meetings and interact regularly with management, team, and clients to continuously improve services.     Mainframe Systems EngineerYou’ll install, update, and administer Mainframe operating system software. Perform changes within company regulations and security standards. Assist with testing, implementation, and installation of new/improved systems, as well as product upgrades. Attend meetings and interact regularly with management, team, and clients to continuously improve services.   Job Requirements  Essential Skills You will need to be able to demonstrate a strong interest in this area with an understanding of its challenges and some of the tools and techniques used; as well as a logical approach to problem identification and resolution. A controlled approach to delivery to project timescales is vital, due to the nature of our work, and you’ll need the ability to work independently using your own initiative, to think creatively and develop innovative ideas that will enhance or improve delivery quality. You’ll need to be motivated to work as part of a team, and demonstrate good communication skills, both verbal and written. Strong analytical and diagnostic skills, coupled with a methodical approach to your work are a requirement, as well as the ability to develop good relationships with customers. A strong interest in technology is a must, along with an aptitude to learn quickly and a passion to deliver solutions that ensure operational excellence for our clients. REQUIRED: Candidate must have experience with Microsoft Office tools such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project; strong verbal and written in English & an understanding of ITIL processes and procedures. Why Apply? It’s a great opportunity to learn our business inside out across a wide range of business and technical areas, while gaining exposure to a variety of sectors, clients and projects within an extremely fast-paced environment. You will work with a variety of different teams in Atos, so you’ll build up a strong network and will have a clear understanding of the bigger picture. You'll be provided with on-going training aligned to your role, both on-the-job from leading experts at Atos and via formal courses, with the aim of allowing you to be ready to progress toward the next steps in your career. Training and development is intensive allowing you to build all of the necessary skills to succeed including applicable technical skills, communication and problem solving skills, learning strategies to work well under pressure, developing and fine-tuning your leadership and project management skills.    