67, Deloitte,Advisory Consultant - BR Business Risk - University of Texas at Austin,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=205&ao=144580&s=58&guid=0000015b947710c5a45db25fdfeacb63&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844483041&jobListingId=2313408888, Dallas, TX,New York, NY,10000+ employees,1972,Accounting & Legal, Do you thrive in times of disruption? Have a passion for turning challenges and opportunities into long-term competitive advantages? As a Business Risk intern at Deloitte, you’ll have the opportunity to gain valuable, hands-on experience working alongside leading professionals across diverse industries while building your professional skills in a variety of project experiences. You’ll be involved in helping assess, analyze, and improve the effectiveness of governance, financial and operational control processes, offer recommendations to improve operations, assist our clients with enterprise risk and compliance activities, and support forensic technology and investigation matters.Work You’ll Do You will have the opportunity to work on project opportunities across Advisory market offerings. You will leverage advanced, technology-enabled solutions to help our clients more confidently make decisions to drive performance. You will help our clients embrace change, grow their business, accelerate performance, and navigate periods of crisis or controversy and emerge resilient. Your experiences could include analyzing and improving the effectiveness and efficiency of governance, financial and operational control processes, consulting with clients on discovery management and document collection processes or assisting with compiling, analyzing and documenting facts for matters under investigation or litigation, and performing internal audit reviews or inspecting accounting records and accounting systems for efficiency. How You’ll GrowThroughout the course of the internship program, you will receive formal and informal mentorship and training. You will have access to learning opportunities to help foster and accelerate your development of new skills and capabilities. Beyond the formal training, you will work with talented professionals and have the chance to ask questions and gain valuable hands-on experience while working on client engagements. Interns will also be invited to participate in an Advisory Internship Conference hosted during the summer at Deloitte University. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center.QualificationsEnrollment in a Bachelors or Master’s degree in Business Administration, Accounting, Finance, Economics, Computer Science or Information Systems/ManagementStrong academic track record (minimum GPA of 3.2 preferred)Relevant work experience (e.g., internships, summer positions, school jobs)Ability to work independently and manage multiple projects/assignments/responsibilities in a fast-paced environmentCritical thinking/problem solving skillsAbility to quickly and concisely research and collect data from unique placesAbility to synthesize data and convey information in a meaningful wayA strong understanding of Windows-based applications including proficiency with Microsoft Excel, Word, and PowerPointWillingness to travel The TeamWe help our clients transform unpredictable business issues into opportunities for growth and long-term competitive advantage. Our team of Business Risk professionals possesses competency and experience in the areas of strategic, financial, operational and regulatory risk management, internal auditing, forensic accounting, forensic technology and more. We offer solutions to address a variety of risks that result from regulatory changes, litigation, market volatility, corporate events, and growing third-party relationships. Learn more about our Advisory practice at Deloitte.Deloitte’s CultureOur positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte.Corporate CitizenshipDeloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world.Recruiter TipsWe want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. We also suggest you brush up on your interviewing skills and practice discussing your experience and job history with a family member, friend, or mentor. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals.As used in this posting, “Deloitte Advisory” means Deloitte & Touche LLP, which provides audit and enterprise risk services; Deloitte Financial Advisory Services LLP, which provides forensic, dispute, and other consulting services; and its affiliate, Deloitte Transactions and Business Analytics LLP, which provides a wide range of advisory and analytics services. Deloitte Transactions and Business Analytics LLP is not a certified public accounting firm. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. These entities are separate subsidiaries of Deloitte LLP. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Requisition code: S17UTXEI19JUNKW-BR