141, Summit Truck Group,Digital Marketing Coordinator (Intern),https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=417&ao=37049&s=58&guid=0000015b947752389efb04738952bd5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844499882&jobListingId=2353356219, Lewisville, TX,Lewisville, TX,501 to 1000 employees,Unknown,Retail, Digital Marketing Coordinator (Intern) Part Time    Take your career to the Summit   At Summit Truck Group, one of the countrys leading heavy duty truck dealer groups, our success depends on serving our customers with the best team members in the industry. If your career goals include making a valuable contribution as a Digital Marketing Coordinator (Intern) in an exciting and growing company and working with top professionals in the industry then consider joining our team.   Summit Truck Group in Lewisville, TX is seeking an enthusiastic, hard-working, customer-oriented individuals who can work in a team environment as a Digital Marketing Coordinator (Intern.)    Responsibilities:  Manage and build various email lists and campaigns, including the design templates, calls-to-action, and content used in email sends. Segment lists based on behaviors like past email engagement and website interactions (content downloads, site page visits, etc.). Measure results and optimize the nurture tracks for these segments to convert leads to customers. Work to minimize list decay and unsubscribes while increasing productivity of Summits email sends. Develop documentation and road maps for processes, A/B tests, and promotions that succeed through email. Manage both on-site and off-site SEO for the company. Manage of organic search engine performance and goal-setting based on site impressions, click through rates, traffic, and conversions. Stay up-to-date with the latest trends and changes with SEO and major search engines. Collaborate with marketing teammates to maintain a consistent brand voice and message across all paid programs. Craft landing pages and lead-generation forms for our content to distribute through relevant paid programs.   Create shareable content appropriate for specific networks to both spread our brand and our content and links. Listen and engage in relevant social discussion about our company, competitors, and/or industry, both from existing customers and leads and from brand new audiences that dont yet know us. Run regular social promotions and campaigns and track their success, ranging from Twitter chats, to LinkedIn conversations, as well as the content and links posted through these and other channels. Drive consistent, relevant traffic and leads from our social network presence.    Qualifications:  Working on Four-year college degree in Business Administration or Business of Science and/or equivalent working experience preferred. Past experience with email marketing, lead nurturing, marketing automation, and/or web analytics preferred. Proficient using marketing automation technology. Highly analytical and able to derive meaning from data through A/B testing and email optimization. Strong written and verbal communication skills.    Your rewards will be an exciting environment with advancement opportunities at one of the nations leading and growing heavy duty truck dealer groups. Summit Truck Group offers great career opportunities, along with a competitive salary, benefits, training and a culture where we strive to help our employees to be successful.   About our Company:   Summit Holdings is a privately held company that does business as Summit Truck Group, Summit Bus, and Summit Lease & Rental. The company operates 32 commercial truck and bus dealerships in Arkansas, Kansas, Mississippi, Missouri, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas. Summit Truck Group represents and services International®, Kenworth, Volvo, Mack, Ford and Isuzu commercial trucks, and Crane Carrier specialty vehicles. Summit Truck Group delivers exceptional customer service through its more than 1,300 employees, 440 technicians, and 458 service bays.    Summit Truck Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a drug-free workplace