94, Active Network,User Interaction Design Intern,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=301&ao=4347&s=58&guid=0000015b94773c7788835cabe1b00942&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844494312&jobListingId=2284919487, Dallas, TX,Dallas, TX,1001 to 5000 employees,1999,Information Technology,  ACTIVE’s User Experience Design group is passionate about making a real difference in the lives of our users through data and design. As a multidisciplinary team that includes both User Research and Interaction Design, we are a driving force on our products, helping both product management and development gain a new perspective on our users. We are involved at all points of our software development lifecycle – from inception to production. Our team consists of smart, creative, self-driven people who take their work seriously (but not themselves). To be successful on our team, you must combine the ability to be analytical with the ability to be creative – understand the box, then make it into a space ship. Or a house. Or maybe a submarine. You must have strong problem solving skills and be self-directed in your work. We work fast, so bring your running shoes.  As a User Interaction Intern, you will:   Learn how to define and execute user research, with the assistance of our dedicated user research staff.  Learn how to understand business goals and user goals, using both to define your design goals.  Learn how to craft excellent user experiences, translating these experiences into wire frames.  Review your designs with the design team and your product team to ensure they are desirable, saleable, usable, and implementable.  Track your designs through implementation to ensure final integrity of the product.  Continually seek to enhance and improve your design knowledge.    Ongoing BA/BS or graduate degree in HCI, UX, psychology, library science, computer science, or other related field  Portfolio detailing related project work and thinking  Ability to ask, as well as answer, meaningful and impactful questions  Design portfolio showing your interaction design work for product or web-applications  Excellent teamwork and communication skills  A sense of humor. Puns will be considered in a pinch.  Exceptional problem solving skills – both analytical and creative  A demonstrated understanding of what it means to solve problems using software  Understanding of how to set and achieve long term goals   DESIRED EXPERIENCE AND QUALITIES   Mobile design experience  Willingness to participate in discussions about zombies or pirates. Or pirate zombies.  Experience using Axure  Ability to juggle physically and/or metaphorically   About ACTIVE Network  ACTIVE Network® is the premier global marketplace for activities and events, connecting participants and activity organizers, while offering actionable business intelligence through our industry-leading data solutions and insights platform that helps organizers drive increased participation and revenue. ACTIVE Network processes registrations and payments for organizers of activities and events worldwide. Our enterprise-level ACTIVEWorks® platform offers organizers advanced SaaS technology that streamlines the administration of activities and events. Our ACTIVE Network Activity Cloud® platform combines data analytics and business intelligence tools to provide actionable insights that help organizers better manage their events and increase participation. Founded in 1999, ACTIVE Network is headquartered in Dallas, Texas, with offices throughout North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. For more information, please visit ACTIVEnetwork.com and follow us on Twitter.  ACTIVE Network Perks & Benefits   State-of-the-art office space in Downtown Dallas  On-site yoga classes, groups runs, Daily Dose workouts and training programs through our ACTIVEx Corporate Wellness Program  Give back with the ACTIVEx Charity Challenge partnership with ‘Kids in the Game’  Discounts and deals on races, events, activities, and top retailers   Active Network is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status. 