105, Aviall,INTERN, Information Technology (IT),https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=312&ao=134294&s=58&guid=0000015b94773c7788835cabe1b00942&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844494334&jobListingId=2241174410, Irving, TX,Dallas, TX,1001 to 5000 employees,Boeing,Subsidiary or Business Segment,   Aviall is the world's largest provider of new aviation parts and related aftermarket services. Aviall markets and distributes products for more than 240 manufacturers and offers approximately 2,000,000 catalog items from 40 customer service centers located in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. Aviall prides itself in having an open‚ performance–based culture throughout the organization. We offer an environment that is diverse, challenging and supportive, and provides hands-on experience and real-world responsibilities that serves as the springboard for a successful career. We are also very proud to consistently receive outstanding awards for our diversity and recruitment efforts including the “Top 100 Military-Friendly Employers.” Come join our talented world class team and thrive in a dynamic and supportive culture.   Position Summary: Aviall has an exciting position for a Information Technology Intern at our Corporate Headquarters located in Dallas,TX. The Information Technology Intern will assist the Information Services Department in various information technology initiatives that may include but are not limited to: troubleshoot IT issues (such as software, hardware and networking) and maintain documentation of issues/resolutions; assist with installation and update desktops, laptops and related software; update project plan documentation and provide user documentation and instructions for new software application deployments; assist with system testing and troubleshooting; assist with server and workstation configurations; create training materials, and work on a broad range of projects and assignments to support strategic initiatives. Additionally this internship provides the opportunity to build relationships and develop business acumen through networking with other Aviall interns across the enterprise and interaction with various Aviall leaders.   The expected starting date for this position is January 2017.   Responsibilities:  Learn key technical skills and begin to apply knowledge to solve problems as directed. Learn basic troubleshooting skills, quality assurance and requirements interpretation. Work alongside experienced team members and expand you're your knowledge with the ability to demonstrate your skills. Build awareness and understanding of the use of team tools and processes and demonstrate use under direction. Complete assigned project(s) and develop executive level presentation to deliver to senior leaders. Performs all other tasks as assigned.      Job Requirements   Qualifications Familiarity with the use of Microsoft Office products and other software to be used to develop analysis, charts, learning modules and/or supporting documentation. Completed the first semester of Junior Year or first semester of Master’s program by May 15, 2017. Actively pursuing Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, MIS or a related field of study. Overall GPA of 3.0. Ability to maintain confidentiality with sensitive internal information. Excellent problem-solving, analytical skills and ability to adapt to organizational processes and goals. Knowledge of basic web application technology (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java) Proficient in Java development (Swing not required) Understanding of object-oriented (OO) principles Proficient understanding of basic data structures and collections. Excellent oral and written communication skills; experience in making presentations and communicating ideas and plans to management.      Education   Some College Coursework Completed  