69, Grant Thornton,Tax Intern - Winter,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=207&ao=136150&s=58&guid=0000015b947710c5a45db25fdfeacb63&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844483044&jobListingId=1998145227, Dallas, TX,Chicago, IL,5001 to 10000 employees,1924,Accounting & Legal, Who is Grant Thornton?    Grant Thornton is a collaborative, entrepreneurial firm on the move! As part of a dynamic, global organization of more than 42,000 people serving clients in more than 120 countries, we have the agility and focus it takes to be a leader.    Founded in Chicago in 1924, Grant Thornton LLP (Grant Thornton) is the U.S. member firm of Grant Thornton International Ltd, one of the world’s leading organizations of independent audit, tax and advisory firms. Grant Thornton has revenue in excess of $1.56 billion and operates 58 offices across the United States with more than 565 partners and 8,000 employees.   Grant Thornton works with a broad range of publicly and privately held companies, government agencies, financial institutions, and civic and religious organizations. Core industries served include consumer and industrial products, financial services, not-for-profit, private equity, and technology. Grant Thornton focuses on serving dynamic organizations that pursue growth holistically – whether through revenue improvement, leadership, mission fulfillment or innovation.    We are committed to capitalizing on our strengths and serving dynamic organizations that share our values and drive. Our global values of collaboration, leadership, excellence, agility, respect, and responsibility (“CLEARR”) guide our behaviors and fuel our ambition to be the firm that makes a difference every day.   We provide companies with the guidance that they need to help run their businesses, establish robust internal controls, use information effectively and improve performance. These services include compliance, consulting services, information technology solutions, forensic accounting and investigative services, recovery and reorganization, tax preparation, and valuation, to name a few.    What is Tax?   Grant Thornton's tax specialists complement our clients’ accounting teams while maintaining their auditors' independence with our compliance services and customized tax planning advice. We have capabilities to advise our clients on various tax strategies including federal tax services, state and local tax services, international tax services, industry tax services, family wealth planning, and compensation and benefit plan design, as well as consult on other complex tax matters.   Why become a Tax Intern at Grant Thornton?   During your internship at Grant Thornton, you will be exposed to tax procedures including tax consulting and tax return preparation which will involve tax research, tax planning, and the preparation of supporting work papers on various tax returns and projects. You will have an opportunity to work alongside Partners, Senior Executives, and peers as a member of the engagement team. Additionally, you will have an opportunity to learn new skillsets, be involved in office community activities, and build lasting relationships with members of the Grant Thornton team. Your internship will include, but will not be limited to, the following:   Working on a variety of client engagements in varying industries Networking with your peers Meeting with your mentor for regular feedback and professional development discussions Connecting with fellow interns and Grant Thornton staff at social events Participating in team-building exercises Giving back to the community through outreach activities Sharpening your leadership skills   Additional Job Responsibilities Include:   Reviewing data input, identifying and resolving technical tax issues, and assisting in the review of tax preparations completed by our firm in India  Responding to inquiries from the IRS and other taxing authorities Identifying, researching, and assessing various tax issues while also providing information to senior staff members Identifying and carrying out other projects as assigned  Collaboratively working with client team members while building rapport and strong client relationships    Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Accounting Major and overall minimum GPA of 3.0/4.0 The willingness and ability to work additional hours, as needed, and travel to various client sites Skill Requirements:   Excellent analytical, communication (written and verbal), and interpersonal skills Strong technical aptitude and skillset Demonstrated project management skillset including project planning and time management Ability to work efficiently and effectively in a complex team environment  Benefits:  Grant Thornton LLP offers an outstanding opportunity for career growth and development, an attractive compensation and incentive program, generous benefits including immediate participation in our 401(k) plan, and a flexible work environment that offers individual enrichment opportunities in a team environment.   It is Grant Thornton’s policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law.