127, Intuit,Manager 3 IIT,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=403&ao=4120&s=58&guid=0000015b947752389efb04738952bd5a&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844499860&jobListingId=2357417707, Plano, TX,Mountain View, CA,5001 to 10000 employees,1983,Information Technology, Description The Senior Manager Unified Communication Engineering, leads Intuits Unified Communications and Voice implementation and operational support. This team is responsible for the systems low level designs, technical consulting, implementation, third level support, and on-going testing is completed for UC and Voice projects. This position provides overall management and leadership for enterprise integrated, converged network systems as well as the legacy UC / Voice systems at Intuit.    Essential Duties and Responsibilities   Direct management of a team of geographically dispersed UC and Voice Engineers throughout the US and dotted line management of a team located in India.  In conjunction with other IT Engineering teams, develops and maintains detailed design templates and guidelines for use in specific projects and initiatives.  Develops and manages external relationships with Professional Services companies to ensure that implementation services are cost effective, complete and consistent with Intuit IT UC and Voice standards and practices.  Provides detailed standard documents, roadmaps and direction for Engineering staff aligned with long term strategies, business input, and technology lifecycle.   Provide standards, guidelines and direction to the engineering team in order to support projects, initiatives and activities supporting our business partners.  Partners with other Engineering teams to manage and continually improve the design review process to ensure designs are in compliance with UC and Voice standards and long range goals.  Drive the Proof of Concept and Piloting of new technologies, equipment, processes and services.  Work with UC and Voice equipment manufacturers and internal Engineering teams to understand and incorporate new features and potential new products.  Effectively manage the Engineering aspects of projects, including those of Professional Services providers.  Manage the day to day IT operations and UC and Voice Engineering functions of the team.  Use proven leadership techniques and interpersonal skills to build and maintain strong relationships.  Budgeting, capacity planning, change and problem management, performance and uptime monitoring.  Develop and manage reporting metrics  Manage multiple IT projects simultaneously to ensure on-time and on-budget completion.  Build a culture of Innovation, technical and operational excellence on the team  Implement and operate the team with Agile and ITIL methodologies    The successful candidate will exhibit the following traits    Analytic Ability: Makes well-reasoned, appropriate decisions based on analysis of highly uncertain input or outcomes; Integrates information from a variety of sources, quickly, to arrive at a broad understanding of issues; Approaches problems or issues systematically, looking for connections, trends and potential causes.  Business Results Orientation: Anticipates and addresses obstacles, redirecting efforts to accelerate work or improve quality while achieving results in a timely manner; Surfaces problems, issues and solutions with speed and accuracy; Holds self and team accountable for outcome.  Communication: Prepares and delivers coherent, highly credible and engaging presentations that have impact; Writes technical concepts and information clearly and thoroughly for technical and non-technical audiences; Tailors communication style and content to the audience.  Creativity & Innovation: Demonstrates initiative, creativity and innovation to drive more effective design and process ideas to fruition within or outside their area of discipline; Demonstrates an entrepreneurial perspective by envisioning, aggressively pursuing, new and innovative ideas and approaches to achieve business unit objectives; Leverages leading-edge technologies, processes, tools and practices to contribute to the organizations future.  Decision Making: Chooses the best alternative(s) based on a review of pros, cons, trade-offs, timing and implications; Evaluates the consequences and implications of alternatives, actions or decisions at a work group level; Makes timely decisions on problems/issues requiring immediate attention. Supports the speed and quality of decision making.  Organization Influence & Relationship Management: Proactively builds a broad base of support among key decision-makers and influencers; Advocates for positions firmly, but appropriately, without pushing or compromising positions too much; Presents a persuasive rationale for positions; Deep customer empathy - listening to customer, establishing long standing relationship and trust. Follow through to customer resolution; maintains customer satisfaction and loyalty; Gathers and internalizes rich customer feedback, using it to generate innovative solutions that fill core or future needs; Addresses customer needs by involving the right people at the right time.  Learning Ability: Demonstrates flexibility and resilience in response to obstacles, constraints, adversity and mistakes; Seeks opportunities to learn from new discoveries, innovations, ideas and ways of looking at things; Readily and resourcefully adapts to changing needs, conditions, priorities and opportunities.  Prioritization: Prioritizes and balances time, actions, resources and initiatives to ensure achievement of critical goals; Aligns cross functional self and team priorities based on changing needs  Process Orientation: Author / Designer of procedures. Applies situational judgment and teaches others. Confident in escalating when process is broken or inefficient and makes recommendations on how to resolve  Teamwork: Builds relationships with people across disciplines and functions, throughout the organization; Involves others as appropriate when issues affect them. Resolves conflict; Builds collaboration by identifying and conveying common interests and priorities (including removal of barriers and breaking down silos); Inspires, energizes, motivates and draws out the best work from a cross-functional team; Ensures that positions satisfy the needs, interests and concerns of key stakeholders; Mentors and coaches colleagues, builds partnerships across organizational boundaries while resolving resource conflicts.    Qualifications   BS in Telecommunications, Computer Science, Business or related field experience  8-12 years’ direct telecommunications or networking industry  3-5 years’ management experience  Experience managing VAR’s, Telecom Vendors and/or Managed Services Providers.  The proven ability to manage a team of 8 – 12 Engineers  Experience with PBXs, Avaya  Experience with Cisco UC, Cisco VC, Polycom VC, Acme Packet SBC’s & ECB, Avaya and BlueJeans  Knowledge of the following; IP, MPLS, Ethernet, Layer 2/3, VoIP, PBX, TDM, BGP, OSPF  Knowledge of large scale voice engineering and implementation including costing, models, risk assessments, GAP Analysis, detailed design documents, and acceptance testing.  Excellent customer service, decision making and analytical skills.  Knowledge of UC and Voice security concepts  Knowledge of UC and Voice capacity planning concepts  Superior problem solving and conflict management skills.  Excellent communication and presentation skills  Proficiency with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project & Microsoft Visio.  Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing with technical and non-technical people. Skills in writing concise, understandable, technical documentation.  Ability to work independently, keeping track of a number of continuing problems, requests, and projects.  Ability to maintain a positive attitude and contribute both as a leader, an individual and a team member to achieve the goals of the Enterprise.  As an essential function of this position, the Senior Manager Unified Communications must be able to handle high levels of stress satisfactorily and be congenial with other employees and customers at all times.   Imagine a career where your creative inspiration can fuel BIG innovation. Year-over-year, Intuit has been recognized as a best employer and is consistently ranked on Fortune's "100 Best Companies To Work For" and Fortune World's "Most Admired Software Companies" lists. Immerse yourself in our award winning culture while creating breakthrough solutions that simplify the lives of consumers and small businesses and their customers worldwide. Intuit is expanding its social, mobile, and global footprint with a full suite of products and services that are revolutionizing the industry. Utilizing design for delight and lean startup methodologies, our entrepreneurial employees have brought more than 250 innovations to market – from QuickBooks® and TurboTax®, to GoPayment, Mint.com, big data, cloud (SaaS, PaaS) and mobile apps. The breadth and depth of these customer-driven innovations mean limitless opportunities for you to turn your ingenious ideas into reality at Intuit. Discover what it's like to be part of a team that rewards taking risks and trying new things. It's time to love what you do! Check out all of our career opportunities at: careers.intuit.com. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability Intuit will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with requirements of local law.