20, Deloitte,Summer Associate (SC)- Manufacturing Operations, Strategy & Operations, Consulting - Carnegie Mellon University,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=120&ao=144580&s=58&guid=0000015b9476f35987a265b0a3254103&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844475572&jobListingId=2211149326, Dallas, TX,New York, NY,10000+ employees,1972,Accounting & Legal, Want to work side by side with industry leading consultants? This summer, take your professional development to the next level when you join our Strategy & Operations team. As a Manufacturing Operations Summer Associate, you'll work directly on client projects and help our consultants to assess the strengths and weaknesses of supply chains, do industry-wide research, with the added benefit of access to senior leadership. From career development to networking opportunities to hands-on learning, at Deloitte, our interns don’t just sit in a back room; they see what it's like to be front and center on our team.  Work you’ll do As a Manufacturing Summer Associate, you’ll be assigned to one or more client projects where you’ll work with Deloitte consultants to help clients integrate business strategy with their supply chain objectives. In this role, you’ll learn to leverage data and analytics and apply programmatic approaches to help enhance business growth, reduces costs and response times, and increase productivity. From product development to integrated demand planning to network logistics optimization and sustainability, you’ll gain exposure and develop insights into every link of the value chain.  The team Our Strategy & Operations practice provides a wide range of services across multiple industries and the entire value chain. As a member of this team, you’ll work collaboratively with talented and innovative strategic thinkers on Product Development, Supply Chain Strategy and Planning, Sourcing and Procurement, Logistics and Distribution Operations, Lean Operations, and Mergers and Acquisitions projects. You’ll also use your knowledge and experience to help clients improve and enhance their global operations to meet the challenges of a rapidly evolving business landscape. Learn more about our supply chain and manufacturing operations consulting practice. QualificationsAn MBA or MS in Logistics, Manufacturing, or Supply ChainStrong academic track record (minimum GPA of 3.5)2+ years of relevant work experience; preferably in a large companyExperience in one or more of the following areas: Supply Chain Strategy/Planning, Sourcing & Procurement, Product Development, Logistics & Distribution, or Lean OperationsExperience prioritizing tasks and managing assignments in a collaborative team environment Technical proficiency in MS Excel and MS Access Willingness to travel  How you’ll grow During this exciting and challenging learning experience, you’ll gain first-hand insights into technical skills, critical professional behaviors, standards, and mindsets to help you expand on your previous experience, knowledge and skills. You’ll work with a wide variety of talented strategic leaders and learn how to leverage and analyze data, tackle real-world supply chain challenges, and experience what it’s like to be a part of our organization.  Deloitte’s cultureOur positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenshipDeloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tipsWe want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. We also suggest that you brush up on your behavioral and case interviewing skills and practice discussing your experience and job history with a family member, friend, or mentor. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals.  As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.Deloitte will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, where applicable. See notices of various ban-the-box laws where available. https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/ban-the-box-notices.html Requisition code: S17CMUCI18MAYHT-SO