95, LA Quinta,Manager Franchise Design & Development,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=302&ao=3839&s=58&guid=0000015b94773c7788835cabe1b00942&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844494314&jobListingId=2288915430, Dallas, TX,Irving, TX,5001 to 10000 employees,1968,Travel & Tourism, POSITION SUMMARY:  This position is responsible for supporting the architectural needs of the Franchise Department and the Design & Construction Department.   ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:   Provide conceptual site plans for potential franchise new construction and conversion projects. Provide exterior renderings for architectural enhancements on potential conversion properties using Photoshop and Sketch-Up. Review architectural plan specifications and design submittals for franchise new construction and conversions. Maintain and update prototype plans and FF&E standard manuals. Provide support to Franchisees and their outside consultants by communicating clearly and concisely as it pertains to the D&C Design Guidelines and Brand Standards. Conduct and review the Conversion and/or Transfer PIP with internal staff prior to submitting the final PIP to the Franchise Sales team. Conduct and review the Refresh PIP with internal staff prior to submitting the final PIP to the Franchise Operations team. Develop various design solutions that addresses LQ’s required design/operational programs. Maintain the Design & Construction Product Library. Perform site visits to hotels under construction for inspections of construction materials, device and fixture locations and general compliance with documents and prototype standards. EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:   MINIMUM EDUCATION:  Bachelor’s Degree required in Architecture.  MINIMUM EXPERIENCE:   3 years to 5 years in commercial architecture. Commercial site planning and conceptual design experience is required.  MINIMUM SKILL REQUIREMENTS:  Capable of using digital photography equipment and photo modification software. Proficient in AutoCAD. Proficient in computer programs such as Sketch-up, Revit, Excel and Microsoft Projects. Has managerial skills needed to direct temporary workers or interns. Decisions and impact are limited to decisions and planning within a small workgroup/project team. Work is analytical, non-standard and widely varied requiring the interpretation and application of a variety of policies and procedures. Analytic ability and inductive thinking are required for the application of multiple, technical activities. Problem solving involves identification and analysis of diverse issues. Makes analytical decisions; supervision is present to establish and review broad objectives relative to basic position duties or divisional responsibilities. Independent judgment is required to study previously established, often partially relevant guidelines; plan for various interrelated activities; and coordinate such activities within a work unit /division or while completing a project. Responds to or handles unfamiliar situations. Has entry-level knowledge of theories and practices of a professional field (e.g., fiscal, quality assurance, infection control, etc.). This level of skill is typically reserved for an individual with a four-year degree, or a high-level vocational skill demonstrated by a number of years of on-the-position experience (i.e., management). Writes reports using technical data requiring considerable interpretation, developing new methods and procedures. Frequently applies knowledge to practical issues and problems. Solves problems that involve identification and analysis of diverse problems; answers are usually found by reviewing standard technical manuals and administrative procedures and modifying them for unusual situations. Guidance is usually provided on what sources to review and solutions are reviewed before acceptance. Completes work that requires using original and creative thinking to develop new, moderately complex results. The results generally impact several work groups, a large project or an extended customer base. Applies established technology solutions and makes recommendations for use of technology to improve individual or small work group efficiency and effectiveness. Serves as a lead project team member checking the work of others. An employee in this position may be responsible for training of new team members. Work is typical in nature with occasional situations requiring new solutions. Requires regular contacts to carry out programs and to explain non-specialized matter or occasional contacts with officials at higher levels on matters requiring cooperation, explanation and persuasion. Requires regular external contacts to carry out organization programs and to explain non-specialized matters. Position requires contacts with customers or the public which usually involve regular sales, service, or business relationships but where the primary responsibility for resolving difficulties lies with someone else.  PHYSICAL, MENTAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL DEMANDS:   Working conditions of the position are a normal office situation  May work alone or closely with others. Work is completed sitting at a desk or table with intermittently standing and stooping. May be required to do light lifting or carrying. Capable of working in a fast paced environment and in stressful situations. Must respond to multiple task interruptions and still provide service to internal and external customers in a professional and courteous manner. Requires overnight travel 50> of the time. May be required to walk, sit and/or stand for long periods of time. Requires good hearing. Requires good near and distant vision. Requires distinguishing colors and/or depth perception.  LQ Management L.L.C. provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability.