35, Invesco,Applications Support Team Intern,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=204&ao=133972&s=58&guid=0000015b947710c5a45db25fdfeacb63&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844483040&jobListingId=2346200877, Dallas, TX,Atlanta, GA,5001 to 10000 employees,1935,Finance, Invesco Ltd. is a leading independent global investment management firm, dedicated to helping investors worldwide achieve their financial objectives. By delivering the combined power of our distinctive investment management capabilities, Invesco provides a wide range of investment strategies and vehicles to our clients around the world. Operating in more than 20 countries, the firm is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol IVZ. Job Purpose (Job Summary): With approximately US$68 billion assets under management, Invesco Real Estate (IRE) is one of the world’s leading real estate investment managers. IRE manages listed and unlisted real estate funds and separate accounts. The mission of IRE’s Application Support Team is to support our firm’s operational processes and strategies through the application of sound technology systems and solutions. Working in our Application Support Team, the role of the Intern is to contribute to the implementation and enhancement of vendor provided or bespoke applications, ultimately contributing to the favorable investment performance for our clients. Candidates applying to the Applications Support Team Intern role should enjoy collaborating with a diverse and talented group of team members in providing innovative technical solutions. The Applications Support Team continuously learns as new technologies evolve, so the ideal candidate is passionate about frequently acquiring and mastering new skills. Key Responsibilities / Duties:   Work with full-time IT Business Analysts and Developers to learn and support IRE’s IT platform Participate in regional and global support meetings Create, update, and modify materials for application support or documentation purposes Develop data and process flow visualizations that communicate intuitively the dependency of systems Participate in the creation and execution of test scripts for application testing Participate in daily scrum meetings, back log grooming and sprint planning sessions Alongside the general duties, there are two specific projects that the Applications Support Team Intern will contribute to: North American Yardi ERP Upgrade Project & Global Lease Abstract Automation Project  Work Experience / Knowledge:   Strong computer skills in Microsoft Office suite is required Knowledge and experience with Microsoft Visio is a plus Knowledge of SQL databases (SQL Server are a plus) is a plus  Skills / Other Personal Attributes Required:   Effective Engagement and Communication Comfortable working with ambiguity (e.g. imperfect data, loosely defined concepts, ideas, or goals) and translating these into more tangible outputs Must have outstanding analytical skills Highly motivated and able to demonstrate and ability to work independently and in groups Strong verbal and visual communication skills are required Strong business writing skills are required Excellent Service Delivery Manages self and team through periods of ambiguity Takes responsibility for ensuring assigned objectives are obtained Looks first to resolve areas of conflict directly with team members and understands other’s perspective and proposes solutions Demonstrates strong work ethic and enthusiasm for the real estate investment business Personal accountability and continuous improvement Accepts ownership and responsibility for outcomes Anticipates obstacles and develops plans to overcome them Looks for ways to improve existing processes Productive collaboration Shares expertise Seeks input from others Listens well Makes full use of others’ expertise Constructively addresses obstacles to effective team work  Formal Education: (minimum requirement to perform job duties)  Must be an actively enrolled college student Minimum requirement of pursuing an undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Accounting, Real Estate or a related discipline  FLSA (US Only): Nonexempt The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. The job holder may be required to perform other duties as deemed appropriate by their manager from time to time. Invesco's culture of inclusivity and its commitment to diversity in the workplace are demonstrated through our people practices. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, national origin, citizenship status, disability, age, or veteran status. Our equal opportunity employment efforts comply with all applicable U.S. state and federal laws governing non-discrimination in employment.