62, Deloitte,Summer Associate - Strategy & Operations, MBA Degree, Consulting - University of Minnesota,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=231&ao=144580&s=58&guid=0000015b947710c5a45db25fdfeacb63&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844483081&jobListingId=2216221542, Dallas, TX,New York, NY,10000+ employees,1972,Accounting & Legal, Deloitte Consulting LLP is one of the world’s leading management consulting firms for executable strategy, operations, technology, and human capital advisory services. The consulting practice is built around integrated core capabilities – people, process and technology and industry expertise – the capabilities needed to help clients to tackle their most complex challenges.  The Strategy & Operations service area works with client senior management to help them in their efforts to make major decisions and implement improvements that dramatically increase their company’s performance by focusing on “executable strategy” and by integrating industry and functional knowledge in corporate strategy, mergers and acquisitions, customer relationships, technology, financial management, supply chain, and operations. Summer Associate MBA Intern, Deloitte Consulting LLP Few initial career opportunities provide the combination of accelerated learning and skill development, personal growth and challenge, and fast pace that are provided in our Strategy & Operations service area. Here you will be able to apply your capabilities and talent toward both helping clients in their efforts to solve their complex business issues and helping them through to implementation. You will have the opportunity to work with a variety of clients on issues that have major impact on their business performance. Our Summer Associate program is designed to give you an intense and realistic look at the consulting profession, our consulting business specifically, and the day-to-day responsibilities and challenges of a consulting professional. You will receive a first-hand experience that will give you immediate and on-the-job insight into a career in management consulting. At the completion of your 10 week internship with us, you should be able to judge if consulting is right for you and, specifically, if there is a fit between you and Deloitte Consulting. As a Summer Associate, you will be assigned to a project team in the same manner as our full-time consulting staff. As part of that project team, you will have a variety of client-facing responsibilities, including interviewing client staff, gathering data, analyzing issues, formulating and delivering recommendations, and working with our clients to implement their solutions. You will be on-site at the client for the majority of your project work and can expect to travel as required.  We are an apprenticeship model. Our Principals, Directors, and Senior Managers actively consult and you will work side by side with these highly skilled and effective professionals from whom you will have the opportunity to learn and acquire an appreciation for the skills needed as a consulting professional. You will be encouraged to take as much responsibility as you can, and you will be pushed to deliver results to our clients that test you.  Your internship should enhance not only your consulting skills, but also your networking skills. During your time as a Summer Associate you’ll take part in a series of social outings, office-wide meetings, and community service events that your office sponsors. You will be invited to attend our annual Summer Associate Conference, which brings together all of our Summer Associates and a number of our Principals, Directors, and other senior practitioners. This business/social event gives you a great chance to meet your peers and to get a comprehensive view of Deloitte Consulting. We are deeply committed to developing our consulting professionals through thoughtful mentoring, counseling, and professional training. Your first week will include several days of intense consulting skills training prior to starting your first client assignment, and you will have access to all of our ongoing professional development activities and material that you would have as a full time Senior Consultant. You will receive ongoing feedback—both formal and informal—throughout your summer experience. High-performing Summer Associates will be given the opportunity to join us full-time as Senior Consultants. Qualifications   We seek exceptional candidates from a variety of schools and programs. We seek individuals who are not only highly capable of developing insight and advice for our clients, but also highly motivated to work with our clients to help implement the solutions we develop. If you are interested in applying, please check your Placement Office for more details. We primarily pursue candidates from the Business Schools we recruit from on campus. Qualified candidates will possess the following characteristics:Currently pursuing an MBA with 3-5 years work experience, preferably in a large company Solid history of superior personal achievement in school and work Highly motivated to achieve desired goals and objectives Strong analytical skills Leadership and team-building abilities Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Flexibility Willingness to travel frequently (required)  As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.Deloitte will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, where applicable. See notices of various ban-the-box laws where available. https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/ban-the-box-notices.html Requisition code: S16UMNCI17JUNAV-SO