11, Deloitte,Summer Scholar Analyst - Business Technology, Consulting - Cornell University,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=111&ao=144580&s=58&guid=0000015b9476f35987a265b0a3254103&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844475558&jobListingId=2211176151, Dallas, TX,New York, NY,10000+ employees,1972,Accounting & Legal, Passionate about technology-enabled change in a real world application? Ready to take your academic education to the next level? Join our Business Technology Analyst Summer Scholar Program, and learn how to bridge the theoretical with the practical with our immersive, fast paced work environment. Summer Scholars can leverage their strategic thinking and foundational business and technology skills to advise clients, cut through complexity, and inspire value-driven decisions in a collaborative team setting. Work you’ll doAs a Business Technology Analyst Summer Scholar, you will have opportunities to make an impact on a broad range of transformative projects for our clients. You will support delivery of various types of client deliverables that range from information management solutions and implementations of large scale technology platforms to supporting the development of advisory materials for technical architecture and IT operating models. Please see our Technology Service Offerings to learn more about the work we do every day to help solve our client’s most challenging problems. You can capitalize on our cross industry presence to find your niche and begin building your individual brand.While a career in consulting is dynamic and evolving, we look for people who will perform in certain areas, grow those related skills and deliver exceptional results to our clients. We recognize that you have unique skills, experiences, and interests, so we divide the broad scope of the BTA intern role into skills-based segments in order to best align each BTA intern with a focus area. The segments function as subgroups that our interns and analysts leverage to network and enhance their professional development. Setting our people up for success is our highest priority.We are currently recruiting Business Technology Analyst Summer Scholars whose skills and interests align with one of the following areas:• Technology Design & Development: This analyst is skilled in programming and prepared to jump into any technical role. They are top performer in Computer Science, Software Engineering or MIS and are proficient in one or more programming languages with additional experience or interest in areas such as app development, user interface/wireframe design, server side development, OS languages (Windows, Linux) and/or Basis/ABAP. Potential project roles may be as a solution architect analyst, software developer, database administrator or QA tester.• Data and Analytics: This analyst is knowledgeable or has interest across a wide range of analytics and data transformation tools and are able to transform client data to meaningful, actionable insights. They are comfortable with emerging trends in the discipline and are very versatile (both technically and functionally.) Potential project roles may be as a big data developer, data scientist, data management analyst/tester, data visualization engineer, data transformation designer/tester or analytics organization assessment analyst.The teamOur Technology Consulting team plays a major role in directly embedding technology insights into our clients’ organizational goals. At Deloitte, our technology consultants create sharply-focused solutions within an organization’s operating model, accounting for its people, intellectual capital, technology, and processes. Engagement teams at Deloitte drive value for our clients but also understand the importance of developing resources and contributing to the communities in which we work. We make it our business to take issue to impact, both within and beyond a client setting. Learn more about our Technology Consulting practice.Required Qualifications• Junior standing in a full-time academic program with a target graduation date between December 2017 and June 2018• Undergraduate in the following or related majors:o Technology and Science: Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Management Information Systems, IT Network Administration/Security, IT Operations/Administration, Data Analytics, Matho Business: Accounting, Analytics, Business, Economics, Finance, Marketing, Operations, Statistics, Supply Chaino Engineering: Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Engineering Management, Industrial Engineering, Software Engineering, Systems Engineering• Strong academic track record (minimum GPA of 3.4)• Demonstrates interest and aptitude for technology• Willingness to travel • Availability to participate in the Summer Scholar Program full-time, for approximately 10 weeks from June to August 2017How you’ll growThroughout the course of the internship program, you’ll receive formal and informal mentorship and training. Our Business Technology Analyst Summer Scholar training program provides a view both into the technical skills as well as critical professional behaviors, standards, and mindsets required to make the most of your internship. The program includes a variety of team-based, hands-on exercises and activities. Beyond the formal training, you will work with talented consulting professionals, granting you access to ask questions and gain valuable real world experience while working on client engagements. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center.BenefitsAt Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte’s cultureOur positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte.Corporate citizenshipDeloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world.Recruiter tipsWe want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. We also suggest that you brush up on your behavioral and case interviewing skills and practice discussing your experience and job history with a family member, friend, or mentor. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals.As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.Deloitte will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, where applicable. See notices of various ban-the-box laws where available. https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/ban-the-box-notices.html Requisition code: S17CORCI18MAYJM-T