80, ADP,2017 Fall Internship,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=218&ao=132959&s=58&guid=0000015b947710c5a45db25fdfeacb63&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844483062&jobListingId=2379157917, Dallas, TX,Roseland, NJ,10000+ employees,1949,Business Services, 2017 Fall Internship Req Number: 136218 Category: Intern/Co-Op Work Location: Dallas, TX Posted Date: April 3, 2017 Apply   ADP is hiring an intern. In this position you will contribute to project-based deliverables aligned to your field of study. You will interact with professionals who will guide and support you as you enhance your skills while gaining relevant experience.  As a Service team intern, you will contribute to project-based deliverables aligned to your field of study. You will interact with professionals who will guide and support you to enhance your professional skills while gaining relevant experience in a business environment. You will acquire knowledge of industry methods to provide exceptional customer service to support internal and external clients and maximize their use of our business solutions. As an Implementation team intern, you will contribute to project-based deliverables aligned to your field of study to combine analytical and project management skills with the ability to simplify complex information — to help clients develop the skills and confidence to use our business management solutions with ease. You get to provide the expert training that makes our workforce solutions stand out in an increasingly competitive global marketplace.  Unlock Your Career Potential: Internships at ADP.At ADP we are driven by your success. We engage your unique talents and perspectives. We welcome your ideas on how to do things differently and better. In your efforts to achieve, learn and grow, we support you all the way. If success motivates you, you belong at ADP. We strive for every interaction to be driven by our CORE values: Insightful Expertise, Integrity is Everything, Service Excellence, Inspiring Innovation, Each Person Counts, Results-Driven, & Social Responsibility. QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED: We are seeking students with drive and motivation, who desire real corporate experience and want to make a valuable contribution to ADP:   Must be a matriculated college student, GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred     PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:Preference will be given to candidates who have the following qualifications:  Completed at least 3 years of a 4 year degree program Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Excellent communication (verbal, written and reporting) skills Able to demonstrate attention to detail, superb organizational and follow up skills Ability to work effectively under time constraints while maintaining a positive service attitude Exhibits leadership skills and works well in a collaborative environment Proactive, can-do attitude and a desire to learn Ability to recognize and deal appropriately with sensitive and confidential information Proficiency in finding information on the internet Aptitude towards organizing projects, multi-tasking Quantitative, analytical, process and troubleshooting skills Project management, analysis and research skills Ability to interact with all levels of the organization Preferred areas of concentration: Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Business Management Knowledge of information security, information technology systems, infrastructure and operations is helpful. Ability to organize data, analyze data and produce reports  Related Searches: Intern, Internship, College, Resume, Interview, Job Description, Position, Jobs, Work, Opportunity, University, co-op, campus, ADP, project management, collaboration  Software in the Cloud. Experts on the Ground: ADP powers the working world with comprehensive solutions that drive business success. Consistently named one of the “Most Admired Companies” by FORTUNE® Magazine, and recognized by Forbes® as one of “The World’s Most Innovative Companies,” ADP has over a half-million clients around the globe and 65 years of experience as one of the largest providers of human capital management solutions world-wide. At ADP, we believe that diversity fuels innovation. ADP is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, genetic information, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, lawful alien status, national origin, age, marital status, non-job related physical or mental disability, or protected veteran status. We support an inclusive workplace where associates excel based on personal merit, qualifications, experience, ability, and job performance.