26, Sabre Holdings Corporation,University Recruiting Coordinator - Non Exempt,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=126&ao=173064&s=58&guid=0000015b9476f35987a265b0a3254103&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844475584&jobListingId=2396714434, Dallas, TX,Southlake, TX,5001 to 10000 employees,1960,Information Technology, Sabre is the global leader in innovative technology that leads the travel industry. We are always looking for bright and driven people who have a penchant for technology and want to hone their skills. If you are interested in challenging work, being part of a global team, and solving complex problems through technology, business intelligence and analytics, and Agile practices - then Sabre is right for you! It is our people who develop and deliver powerful solutions that meet the current and future needs for our airline, hotel, and travel agency customers.  GENERAL DESCRIPTION: Under general supervision, this role is the point person for administrative tasks and processes for University Recruiting and Relations. They must be able to communicate and work with customers at all levels, internally and externally. Execute University events and work with career centers to utilize the correct colleges, job boards and events. Must have strong interest in recruiting, able to source candidates, review resumes, actively engage candidates and understand the open positions and skills required for internships. Manage candidate and manager expectations and be responsible for all intern interview scheduling, virtually and onsite. Responsible for all communications in the University Recruiting email box, responding to inquiries from candidates, managers, universities, referrals, etc...(forwarding emails to the appropriate if unable to directly resolve). Preparing all equipment needed for recruiting events, banners, giveaway items and tablecloths. Ensuring the cage is organized, clean and stocked appropriately. Create and execute all events related to University Recruiting and Relations throughout the year, training and planning for on campus events (info sessions, on campus interviews, etc) and career fairs. Oversee on boarding process for all hired interns including background checks, new hire paperwork and communications to interns via email, social media, etc Supports the development of long term strategy for University Recruiting by compiling reports, analyzing data and project management. Assists in creating, scheduling and executing all events while interns are on site, will be main point of contact and will manage SharePoint site for interns. Will lead or assist in many projects within the company related to Talent Acquisition.  EXPERIENCE: Minimum 3 years related experience preferred.  REQUIRED SKILLS:  Advanced computer software skills (excel, word, power point, SharePoint, applicant tracking systems, HireVue, SAP, etc.)  Excellent and creative written and verbal communication skills  Active engagement on multiple social media platforms  Flexible and open to traveling to Universities for events  Capable of managing multiple projects simultaneously while meeting deadlines  Exceptionally organized and able to prioritize effectively  Able to problem solve with minimum guidance  Motivated to jump in and assist in any type of situation  Ability to lift and move 50 lbs or more  At Sabre, we are fortunate to have the resources of a large company paired with the culture of a startup. Our company culture includes casual work environments, employee amenities, flexible work arrangements, and exceptional learning opportunities. And, you will be surrounded by intelligent team members who you will be proud to call your peers. To learn more about the people and culture at Sabre, follow us on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn. Sabre is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer and is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to minorities, females, veterans, and disabled individuals.