8, Atos UK ,Intern - Business Analytics,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=108&ao=4120&s=58&guid=0000015b9476f35987a265b0a3254103&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844475551&jobListingId=2346793486, Dallas, TX,London, United Kingdom,10000+ employees,1997,Information Technology, Job Details Intern - Business Analytics US - TEXAS - DALLAS, US - TEXAS, USA  Apply for this job  Reference no. 231127 Country USA Region US - TEXAS City US - TEXAS - DALLAS Position Type Student Job Area Other Job Type Part Time > 50% Company Atos  Company Information  Atos is a leader in digital services with annual revenue of € 12 billion and 100,000 employees in 72 countries. Serving a global client base, Atos offers Consulting & Systems Integration, Managed Services & BPO, Cloud, Big Data & Cyber-security solutions. With deep technology expertise and industry knowledge, Atos works with clients across many business sectors: Defense, Financial Services, Health, Manufacturing, Media, Utilities, Public Sector, Retail, Telecommunications, and Transportation.Atos is focused on business technology that powers progress and helps organizations to create their firm of the future. In addition, Atos is the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic & Paralympic Games and operates under the brands Atos, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. Atos offers a broad professional perspective and the opportunity to build a rewarding career across either the technical or business paths. With our worldwide presence and our broad range of professional services, Atos provides training programs across all our competencies and markets worldwide for employees in all stages of their career. In addition, we offer programs that are focused on engaging and developing people who are at the beginning of their career through internships and graduate opportunities.    For more information, please see the Atos corporate web site: www.atos.net.   Atos is an EEO employer, providing employment opportunity regardless of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin veteran status, disability or other factors protected by law.  Job Description We have a summer intern position for a highly motivated and independent intern to join our outsourcing presales team. The intern will be responsible for designing and developing reports and interactive dashboards to be utilized by our organization. The successful candidate should have proven self-learning abilities, motivation, strong data analytics knowledge, exceptional problem solving skills and attention to detail.Responsibilities:- Work with cross-functional teams, to gather, analyze and document reporting requirements to meet business needs.- Translate business requirements into specifications that will be used to implement the required reports and interactive dashboards, created from potentially multiple data sources.- Design, develop, and deploy Tableau interactive dashboards.- Validation and testing of critical business reports.- Closely monitor and check the accuracy and completeness of data in Tableau. Perform optimization of Tableau reports. Job Requirements Minimum Qualifications: - Excellent communication skills, both written and oral - Comfortable with ambiguity, change, and working in an agile manner. - The ideal candidate must be a self-starter and detail-oriented professional who can work independently. - Must have outstanding organizational verbal and written skills - Proficiency in the Microsoft Office suite required including strong Excel skills  - Familiarity with Microsoft Access and SharePoint   Preferred Qualifications: - Hands-on SQL database experience. - Knowledge of business intelligence / analytics tools like Business Objects, Tableau or similar data mining service, with ability to write variables and understand scripts. - Data mining, statistics and analytical modeling.     Additional Information - Must currently be enrolled in a College or Technical Institute OR will have just graduated within 6 months of internship- High degree of interest in IT- Internships are intended to be positions that are for limited duration, with a maximum duration ten months(1560 hours per year max). - Effective communication and interpersonal skills (both written and verbal) - Ability to work on a team - Background checks are required for interns   Apply for this job Back to search results 