90, ARCADIS US,Water Engineer Intern,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=228&ao=4465&s=58&guid=0000015b947710c5a45db25fdfeacb63&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844483077&jobListingId=2332592027, Dallas, TX,Amsterdam, Netherlands,10000+ employees,1888,Business Services, Business Title Water Engineer Intern  HR Job Title Technical Intern  Requisition ID 6410BR  Posting Location TX, Dallas  Business Line WR Water  Employment Type As Needed  Time Type Part-Time  Visa Sponsorship Yes  Why Choose Arcadis Arcadis is the leading global design and consulting firm for natural and built assets, and we invite you to join us in partnering with our clients to deliver truly exceptional and sustainable outcomes. Contribute to the world’s most high-profile and transformative projects, from shopping centers in Shanghai and improved traffic flow in Atlanta to state-of-the-art rail systems in Doha, coastal defenses for Manhattan and cleaner air in Los Angeles.  Work alongside the industry’s foremost thought leaders and accomplished professionals, generating effective, real-world results. We are Arcadis: 27,000 people in more than 70 countries, creating value by applying our collective wisdom to every challenge. Our culture is collaborative, we believe in diversity and the power of global teamwork, and we own the responsibility to sustain the Earth and its people in a safe and balanced way.  Arcadis. Improving quality of life.  About This Business Line Water, perhaps the world’s most critical resource, can both sustain and destroy. As a global top five player in water services, we focus on the entire water cycle – from source to tap and back again – while also managing rivers and coastal zones, urban and rural water, and issues related to climate change and rising sea levels. Join our specialist teams of engineers, scientists and consultants and be uniquely positioned to provide safe and secure water technology that is built to withstand and support the demands of a rapidly changing world.  Job Description The Water Business Line of Arcadis is currently seeking a detail oriented, well organized, dependable Engineering Intern/ Co-op to join our world class firm in Dallas, TX. This position would be for summer of 2017, with the possibility of continuation through fall term if needed.Working with Professional Engineers, the Intern will perform assignments designed to utilize and develop professional engineering skills and knowledge significant in the field of Environmental Engineering. The Intern will work on multiple, unique assignments simultaneously and will need to possess strong organizational, analytical and problem solving skills. The ideal candidate will be a self-motivated, team-oriented and flexible individual, ready to take on new challenges in a fast-paced environment.Projects during the summer internship will include work focusing primarily on planning, design and construction administration for many project opportunities including: water, wastewater, storm water and water management. Technical responsibilities will include facilities planning, project design, permitting and construction administration activities as well as developing design reports and construction documents. Projects may involve facilities planning and design for treatment plants, pumping systems, pipelines, green infrastructure and flood protection.Position includes, but is not limited to:Working on water / wastewater / storm water treatment and conveyance including: planning, process evaluations, detailed design and construction administration.Field work could include, for example: conducting site visits, sampling, analyzing data for water quality, technology evaluations and plant operations information, process troubleshooting and optimization, as well as condition assessments and overall performance evaluations of water/wastewater/storm water facilities.Client facing tasks including preparation of and conducting effective presentations, participation in client meetings and field interaction with clients and subcontractors.Exercises judgment on details of work and in making preliminary selections and adaptations of engineering alternatives.  Required Qualifications Strong written and verbal communication skills and attention to detail. Ability to perform theoretical investigations as well as practical work in the field. Must be able to work independently and as part of project teams. Ability to balance multiple assignment and activities to meet project deadlines.  Background/Drug Screen Statement Arcadis conducts background checks on all final candidates for employment. Certain jobs will also require a clean driving record, education verification & certification verification.  Required Driving Statement This position requires a current valid driver’s license and clean driving record.  Preferred Qualifications EIT Certification.  Job Category Engineering - Water Resources  Employer Statement We are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Women, minorities, people with disabilities and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. We are dedicated to a policy of non-discrimination in employment on any basis including race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, disability, veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by law.  What country will this position be in? USA  