21, Oracle,Campaigns Strategist, N.A. Marketing,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=121&ao=133057&s=58&guid=0000015b9476f35987a265b0a3254103&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844475575&jobListingId=2396037424, Dallas, TX,Redwood City, CA,10000+ employees,1977,Information Technology, Responsible for digital marketing of products or services in support of Oracle's demand generation strategy using tools to optimize marketing strategies and enhance the customer experience with new technology platforms and innovations. Assist in the development and implementation of digital marketing strategies to optimize the online user experience, increase marketing effectiveness. Executes online marketing programs such as search optimization (paid and natural search), affiliated marketing, social marketing, and viral marketing to create buzz and inbound demand responses. Drive traffic which ultimately generates sales pipeline. Translates ideas used in demand generation into promotional marketing campaigns and advertising personas. Ensures localized content is leveraged for all digital marketing channels including, web, social, paid advertising and outbound emails Conducts analysis for programs effectiveness and uses the findings for market site enhancements and to leverage optimization of all digital programs. Collects and analyzes digital/internet/website/mobile data and statistics which monitor and measure the performance of digital traffic and activities to support marketing and campaign optimization, lead generation for sales, product and engineering teams for continuous improvements to product and data driven decision making. Applies statistics-based market intelligence to business issues and formulates recommendations on optimizing the user experience and help drive business outcomes. Monitors and analyzes site performance and reviews tracking metrics to provide solutions to increase search engine ranking and creating marketing personas/audience profiles. Researches and evaluates new technology trends and identifies new optimization opportunities. Manage online advertising relationship and local social media agencies. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization. 8 years relevant work experience. BA/BS degree or equivalent. Proficiency in web analytics applications, strong database skills and technical understanding of website architecture and mobile platforms.Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law. You have a passion for building campaigns that generate sales pipeline. You enjoy thinking through each nuance of the buyer’s journey as you create programs across digital, nurture and social channels. You are intensely data-driven: you know what it takes to improve marketing conversion rates and drive success.   Sound familiar? Here’s your chance to be part of a team that’s transforming digital marketing at one of the world’s flagship tech companies.    The Experience  Big things are happening here at Oracle. As the Cloud leader, we offer the broadest suite of Cloud solutions - and we’re introducing new services every month for 400,000 customers worldwide. Innovation at this level starts with our employees: we look for creative people with an entrepreneurial spirit … those who see new possibilities and welcome new challenges.   Oracle employees enjoy industry-leading compensation and benefits, a flexible work environment, educational opportunities, and work/life tools to balance professional and personal goals.   If you’re looking to elevate your career - and have fun doing it - you’ve come to the right place.   The Role  This is an exciting opportunity to play an influential role on Oracle’s North America Marketing team. The Campaigns Strategist will lead integrated, digital demand generation campaigns and events for the Human Capital Management (HCM) pillar at Oracle, targeting key personas.   Working closely with Product Marketing, Digital Marketing, Marketing Operations, Events, and Partner Marketing, the Strategist will create an integrated marketing strategy, delivering tactics to drive growth through data-driven marketing.   Key Responsibilities:    Strategic Campaign Planning: Build campaign strategy, value propositions and messaging, contact acquisition strategy, and content that drive results. Defining Campaign Targets: Define the target audience and its preferences, needs, and challenges. Identify - and adjust - appropriate mix of assets and activities to engage the audience, generate Marketing Qualified Leads (MQLs), and grow and close pipeline.Content and Messaging: Develop content to support online programs, nurtures, webcasts, call campaigns, and events that map to target audience and buyer’s journey stage. Employ messaging that maximizes pipeline, revenue and awareness for campaign focus area. Ongoing Campaign Management and Execution: Manage lead generation/nurture campaigns to reach target audience and meet defined metrics. Initiate programs - telemarketing/email marketing, automated online trigger responses, direct mail, online resource centers - to engage prospects and accelerate close process. Lead Management and Reporting: Analyze marketing generated pipeline, implementing action plans to address gaps. Ensure leads are followed up with in a timely manner. Elevate business issues with lead flow and drive resolution across the organization. Preferred Qualifications  7 years in digital demand generation2 years in SaaS software marketing, preferably at a small company or startupExperience in strategy, planning, and execution of integrated marketing programsAbility to rapidly learn, internalize and leverage product/campaign informationStrong organizational, communication skills; comfortable dealing with senior managementWriting experience: email marketing, direct marketing copy, and massaging product content into easy-to-understand benefitsExpertise in managing projects across various, regionally distributed teamsExperience working with outside creative agenciesComfortable working in a shared services workflow environmentKnowledge of Sirius Decision waterfall methodology   Travel Component: Minimal. Approx. 10" travel within the United States and Canada may be required to successfully fill this role.    Position Location: Prefer candidates in Dallas, TX, Austin, TX, or San Francisco Bay Area.  Role is based in North America and required close coordination with virtual team.    Be part of the innovation! 