17, Deloitte,Information Technology Services Intern-Deloitte Application Studios Global Employee Services (GES) Technical - Dallas,https://www.glassdoor.com/partner/jobListing.htm?pos=117&ao=144580&s=58&guid=0000015b9476f35987a265b0a3254103&src=GD_JOB_AD&t=SR&extid=1&exst=OL&ist=&ast=OL&vt=w&slr=true&rtp=0&cb=1492844475567&jobListingId=2392274412, Dallas, TX,New York, NY,10000+ employees,1972,Accounting & Legal, Position summary An internship with Information Technology Services (ITS) will kick start your career journey. Throughout our internship program, you'll gain real business experience working on IT projects, build upon your skillset (both technical and soft skills), and expand your network. Immersing yourself in our culture, you will learn what it takes to succeed within a professional services firm and along the way, you will discover exciting career opportunities in IT.  Work you’ll doThe Global Employee Services intern is involved hands on in designing, coding, enhancing and testing of data models to meet business process requirements. You will apply functional knowledge and technical expertise to all aspects of relational database design. DBA Associate will primary be skilled in SQL, data modeling, data management tools and SSRS reporting.  Creating Value for our Clients:• Design and implementation of analyses that will identify requirements related to people, processes and technology• Development of technical design documents (specifications) based on functional design documents (business requirements)• Design and develop applications based on technical/functional design documents. Includes hands on involvement in designing, coding and testing of program modules• Assess and resolve non-standard/standard issues/problems largely on own initiative Demonstrating Business Operations Capability:• Create data dictionary for Organizer, Calendar, iTracker, and Mobility Management• Create ETL (Extract Transform Load) proof of concept using Informatica (or other ETL tools) for loading data from various external and internal sources into a data warehouse• Set up POC environments• Create data warehouse• Create transformation configuration for test inputs The teamAs an Information Technology Services intern, you’ll have the opportunity to work in one of four ITS Service Lines: Deloitte Applications Studios (DAS), Technology and Infrastructure (T&I), CyberSecurity, or Technology Management Operations (TMO). Here you’ll get the chance to work with an experienced team on projects that will build on your technical and business skills and help our clients achieve a higher level of service in operational efficiency and business value. Depending on your role, you’ll will have the opportunity to engage in cyber risk detection and prevention, web/mobile application design and development, web hosting, database administration and management, and overall business operations.  Our ITS culture embraces diversity, inspires innovation, and supports everyone in maximizing their potential in and out of the workplace. You’ll be joining a team of highly talented people who collaborate to deliver cutting edge technology solutions; whether you’re developing custom enterprise applications or providing IT infrastructure and support, you’ll play a critical role in helping our business stay ahead of the curve. We have the analytical skills needed to parse mountains of data, the technical proficiency to deliver custom solutions, and the interpersonal skills to present our thoughts to technical and non-technical audiences in logical and meaningful ways. QualificationsRequired:• Candidate for a Bachelor degree in a technology related major or minor (sophomore or junior standing)• Ability to work among multiple teams and communicate effectively to both technical and non-technical team members• Willing to reside in the Nashville, Tennessee greater area for the duration of the internship• Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills• Motivated self-starter • Extremely attentive to detail• Organized and diligent with strong time management skills • Proficient in Microsoft Office• Manage own work product, schedules and deliverables• Assigned and accountable for specific areas of responsibility/deliverables. • Ability to identify, assess and provide resolution of complex issues and problems.• Makes decisions within parameters set by manager, using job experience.• Seeks advice and escalates issues when faced with tasks/problems outside normal scope of job. Preferred:• Strong academic track record (minimum 3.2 GPA)• SQL Server• ETL tools• Data modeling tools• Open Source Frameworks• Content Management Systems• Configuration Management How you’ll growThroughout the internship program, we want to give you a true taste of life at Deloitte. That means a lot of support - both formal and informal - right from the start. Guided by coaches and mentors who can help you to learn more about Deloitte and your opportunities, you'll gain real-world experience working on meaningful projects. Beyond this exposure to “real life” projects, the program also delivers a variety of national and local learning and networking events. Our regularly scheduled learning and networking opportunities are designed to help you develop technical and leadership skills and help you begin building your professional network. Learn more about the internship program.Deloitte’s cultureOur positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenshipDeloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tipsWe want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals.  As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Services LP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Requisition code: S17PSCSI18JUNTB-GS